Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
"Without music, life would be a mistake."
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
May you live every day of your life.
"We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be."
"There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so."
"It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!"
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
"Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible."
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
"Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric."
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.
"There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest."
"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!"
"A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it."
"I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life."
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
"You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it."
"If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave."
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
The past has no power over the present moment.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
"Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all."
"Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
You only live twice: Once when you are born And once when you look death in the face
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
"Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter"
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.
"Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?' Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand."
"Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them"
"I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone."
"Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each."
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy
"If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!"
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated."
"Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies."
"It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams."
"Like all magnificent things, it's very simple."
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
"Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear."
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition.
"The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything."
The first duty of a man is to think for himself
"The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace."
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
"Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light."
"The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to change it. [These words are also inscribed upon his grave]"
"If you're going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use two feet."
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
"You didn't kill him. He would have killed you, but you didn't kill him."" ""So? He was stupid. If I killed everyone who was stupid, I wouldn't have time to sleep."
"Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well."
"I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle."
"Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens."
"Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being."
"I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings."
"One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman."
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
"Non est ad astra mollis e terris via"" - ""There is no easy way from the earth to the stars"
One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.
"Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them."
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Things do not change; we change.
"What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God."
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself.
belief is the death of intelligence.
"You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker"
"I shiver, thinking how easy it is to be totally wrong about people-to see one tiny part of them and confuse it for the whole, to see the cause and think it's the effect or vice versa"
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep
Wisest is she who knows she does not know.
Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding. The first requires memory and the second philosophy.
Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance."
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
"I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves."
"The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next."
"The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free."
"He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave."
"I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts."
I was never aware of any other option but to question everything.
I don't want to be a tree; I want to be its meaning.
If it turns out that there is a God...the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
"Hard times create strong men. Strong men create good times. Good times create weak men. And, weak men create hard times."
"On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time."
"The seed of suffering in you may be strong, but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing yourself to be happy."
"We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged"
"Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking."
"This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness."
"Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine."
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
The menu is not the meal.
"The thing about a spiral is, if you follow it inward, it never actually ends. It just keeps tightening, infinitely."
"Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber."
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
"Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent."
"The evil that is in the world almost always comes from ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding."
All knowledge is worth having.
"The most important reason for going from one place to another is to see what's in between, and they took great pleasure in doing just that."
"Take it easy, but take it."
"When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred."
"To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man."
No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.
"If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked."
"To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can still do for those who study it."
"Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, and ages, it is the rule."
The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.
"The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!"
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
"Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not."
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
"Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty."
"Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them."
A cult is a religion with no political power.
Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.
"If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin."
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.
The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be.
"The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second."
"The real question of life after death isn't whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves."
"In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one."
Knowledge is power is time is money.
"I think I am, therefore, I am... I think."
"If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees."
I have gained this by philosophy; I do without being ordered what some are constrained to do by their fear of the law.
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.
Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.
Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world.
"It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived."
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.
"The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together."
"Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here."
The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you can’t shut your mind.
No man was ever wise by chance
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy
"I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect."
"If you have reasons to love someone, you don’t love them."
"I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage"
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace.
He who is not satisfied with a little is satisfied with nothing.
"It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are."
One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been.
"Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous."
"Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children."
"One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion"
"Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever."
I never found beauty in longing for the impossible and never found the possible to be beyond my reach.
Who is John Galt?
"Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse"
"Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too."
Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as questions asked in the wrong way.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
"Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle."
"The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too."
"I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves."
"Do you know what punishments I've endured for my crimes, my sins? None. I am proof of the absurdity of men's most treasured abstractions. A just universe wouldn't tolerate my existence."
There are two kinds of people in this world: Those who believe there are two kinds of people in this world and those who are smart enough to know better.
"Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there’s always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her."
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare to the jeweled vision of a life started anew.
"When you realize there is something you don't understand, then you're generally on the right path to understanding all kinds of things."
"This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief."
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
"I am, therefore I'll think."
You were born a child of light’s wonderful secret— you return to the beauty you have always been.
Fas est ab hoste doceri. One should learn even from one's enemies.
"If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly."
The pianokeys are black and white but they sound like a million colors in your mind
"That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't."
Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.
"True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen."
What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.
"It is quite a revelation to discover that the place you wanted to escape to is the exact same place you escaped from. That the prison wasn't the place, but the perspective."
Criticism of others is thus an oblique form of self-commendation. We think we make the picture hang straight on our wall by telling our neighbors that all his pictures are crooked.
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.
"To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly."
"There is nothing more notable in Socrates than that he found time, when he was an old man, to learn music and dancing, and thought it time well spent."
"I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them."
"Until the day when God shall deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is summed up in these two words,-Wait and hope."
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.
All men by nature desire to know.
"I would prefer a sword to fight duel, but a pen to plan a war."
"Knowledge subverts love: in proportion as we penetrate our secrets, we come to loathe our kind, precisely because they resemble us."
Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.
Life is not about living the safer option. Life is about living a life worth living.
"Don't for heaven's sake, be afraid of talking nonsense! But you must pay attention to your nonsense."
Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.
A preoccupation with the next world clearly shows an inability to cope credibly with this one.
All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
"Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power,"" Tuek said. ""You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick."
"In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few"
Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.
"When you choose one way out of many, all the ways you don't take are snuffed out like candles, as if they'd never existed."
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage
One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else.
"If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave."
"It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster."
To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher.
This inhuman place makes human monsters.
"Stop longing. You poison today’s ease, reaching always for tomorrow."
Dance like it hurts. Love like you need money. Work when people are watching. -- Dogbert's Motto
"I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences."
"Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment's torture."
"The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death."
"I am one thing, my writings are another."
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery
"Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments."
"It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours."
"It isn’t a sadness, but a joy, that we don’t do the same things for the length of our lives."
"As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience."
God is an ever-receding pocket of﻿ scientific ignorance.
All is mystery; but he is a slave who will not struggle to penetrate the dark veil.
"Death twitches my ear; 'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming."
The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
"Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power."
"The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself."
...an optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable.
There isnt always an explanation for everything.
"As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it."
"To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others."
Everyone is the other and no one is himself.
I imagine that the intelligent people are the ones so intelligent that they don't even need or want to look 'intelligent' anymore.
"The meaning of earthly existence lies not, as we have grown used to thinking, in prospering but in the development of the soul."
What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.
"The better organized the state, the duller its humanity."
If an angelic being fell from the sky and tried to live in this world of ours I think even they would commit many wrongs.
"There is no order in the world around us, we must adapt ourselves to the requirements of chaos instead."
"I can accept anything, except what seems to be the easiest for most people: the half-way, the almost, the just-about, the in-between."
I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?
"Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket."
"If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first."
"Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love."
"One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it’s happened."
The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned
No one should need to be big enough to destroy others and all of us must have to be powerful and resourceful enough to protect ourselves.
"The essence of independence has been to think and act according to standards from within, not without: to follow one's own path, not that of the crowd."
Choose to be happy. It is what we have all done.
She remembered who she was and the game changed.
"Not how the world is, but that it is, is the mystery."
"All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them."
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
"We do not escape into philosophy, psychology, and art--we go there to restore our shattered selves into whole ones."
Making it to the Super Bowl is something few and far between. Many football players never get the opportunity to make it that far.
"Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions."
"Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace."
The map is not the territory.
If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesn't prove it.
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you must live unseen
"All the times I have suddenly realized that my parents are dead, even now, it still surprises me, to exist in the world while that which made me has ceased to exist."
Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.
"Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly."
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people.
Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.
"Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home."
"If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong to it. (as quoted by Tony Judt)"
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
"Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. That’s where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go."
Faith in faith' he answered himself. 'It isn't necessary to have something to believe in. It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief.
"For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy."
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.
A prison becomes a home when you have the key.
"To live entirely without a goal! I have glimpsed this state, and have often attained it, without managing to remain there: I am too weak for such happiness."
People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.
"Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?"
Plato was a bore.
Whoever will be free must make himself free. Freedom is no fairy gift to fall into a man's lap. What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for one's self.
"Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant."
"I take no pride in hopeless longing; I wouldn't hold a stillborn aspiration. I'd want to have it, to make it, to live it."
"The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is."
They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.
"What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats?"
"Adrian blew his whistle and shouted, “Attack and put too death all those who oppose the fatherland!"
"A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, ""Why is there so much suffering?"" Suzuki Roshi replied, ""No reason."
"I've often thought that there isn't any ""I"" at all; that we are simply the means of expression of something else; that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion."
"Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand."
Imagine others complexly.
"There's only one rule that I know of, babies—God damn it, you've got to be kind."
"Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you."
How small a thought it takes to fill a life.
"To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone."
The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.
it is all very well for you to write simply and the simpler the better. But do not start to think so damned simply. Know how complicated it is and then state it simply.
Of what use is a philosopher who doesn't hurt anybody's feelings?
The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it.
Things always become obvious after the fact
Whether you take the doughnut hole as a blank space or as an entity unto itself is a purely metaphysical question and does not affect the taste of the doughnut one bit.
I only know that I know nothing
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize.
"Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder."
Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind; it seems to say to Nature that we take her no more seriously than she takes us. I maintain that one should always talk of philosophy with a smile.
You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.
Philosophy cannot be taught; it is the application of the sciences to truth.
The shame of being a man - is there any better reason to write?
You asked me how to get out of the finite dimensions when I feel like it. I certainly don't use logic when I do it. Logic's the first thing you have to get rid of.
"If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about."
"The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist."
"If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow."
"Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it."
Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.
"Anyone who says ""Trust me"" is the last motherfucker you should ever trust."
"If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs."
Philosophy can make people sick.
"If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for."
"as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself; the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency."
"But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows."
"We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork."
How could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads?
"It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little."
"Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind."
"Some want to live within the sound Of church or chapel bell; I want to run a rescue shop, Within a yard of hell."
"A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy."
"Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking."
...reality is always plural and mutable.
"Those who are wise won't be busy, and those who are too busy can't be wise."
"The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart."
To be prepared against surprise is to be trained. To be prepared for surprise is to be educated.
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures.
"What can a soldier do when mercy is treason, and he is alone in it?"
Show me that I m everywhere and get me home for tea.
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue. Wisdom is to speak the truth and act in keeping with its nature.
"We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all."
The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy but they were listening in gibberish.
"All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge."
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
"This place has only three exits, sir: Madness, and Death."
Hope is a passion for the possible.
When you draw something it lives and when you photograph it it dies.
"when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world."
"Everything is good as it comes from the hands of the Maker of the world, but degenerates once it gets into the hands of man"
Freedom is obedience to self-formulated rules.
"What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance."
"What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create."
All things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
I'm looking into my past lives. I'm convinced some of them still owe me money.
"Beyond the fiction of reality, there is the reality of the fiction."
"If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief."
"We are a society of notoriously unhappy people: lonely, anxious, depressed, destructive, dependent — people who are glad when we have killed the time we are trying so hard to save."
"Pactum serva"" - ""Keep the faith"
...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency.
To win true freeedom you must be a slave to philosophy.
Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.
Nothing is good enough; we must know and have it all.
"There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again."
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
"...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases."
"I'm not into this whole ""move with the times"" thing. I reckon we should just decide on a year and stick with it."
"I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me."
"Remember your humanity, and forget the rest."
"One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it."
"The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it."" - Socrates"
"I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world."
Many of our most serious conflicts are conflicts within ourselves. Those who suppose their judgements are always consistent are unreflective or dogmatic.
"I tell you: one must still have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in you."
"What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts; and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did."
Call no man happy until he is dead.
You don’t have to choose between being scientific and being compassionate.
"Musical training is a more potent instrument than any other, because rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul."
"You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?"
Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death.
There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table.
"To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing."
"Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures."
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view; truth is a selfless subjectivity.
The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.
"Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls?"
Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it.
"Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesn't get you anywhere."
What we cannot bear removes us from life; what remains can be borne.
Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering.
"Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins."
We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.
"The problem with religion, because it's been sheltered from criticism, is that it allows people to believe en masse what only idiots or lunatics could believe in isolation."
"This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love."
"Creating individuality, which creates and protects others' individualities is good."
All things fade and quickly turn to myth.
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
"Water is to India as blood is to the body, with the many rivers functioning as arteries – the Ganges being the aorta – and the monsoon timelessly arriving as a much-needed annual blood transfusion."
"When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him."
"When you come to the edge of all that you know, you must believe one of two things: either there will be ground to stand on, or you will be given wings to fly."
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism.
I am a citizen of the world.
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered.
"My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher."
"Yet the ivory gods, And the ebony gods, And the gods of diamond-jade, Are only silly puppet gods That people themselves Have made.-"
No lake so still but it has its wave. No circle so perfect but that it has its blur. I would change things for you if I could; As I can't you must take them as they are.
"Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?"
In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposite team.
"For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways."
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.
What is existence for but to be laughed at if men in their twenties have already attained the utmost?
"Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea."
"You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers."
"Everything we see hides another thing, we always want to see what is hidden by what we see, but it is impossible. Humans hide their secrets too well...."
The premise of the Taker story is 'the world belongs to man'. … The premise of the Leaver story is 'man belongs to the world'.
"Whenever I think of something but can't think of what it was I was thinking of, I can't stop thinking until I think I'm thinking of it again. I think I think too much."
Every country has the government it deserves.
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
"Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business."
"As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such."
Ideas are the source of all things
No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity
The best ideas are common property
"One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open."
"And, drunk with my own madness, I shouted at him furiously, ""Make life beautiful! Make life beautiful!"
Thought's a luxury. Do you think the peasant sits and thinks of God and Democracy when he gets inside his mud hut at night?
There is but one true philosophical problem and that is suicide.
As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples.
"Whatever others may say, they say it to deceive and comfort themselves, not help you."
Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.
"We look for the Secret - the Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, 'God' or whatever...and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself."
"But merely being tradition does not make something worthy, Kadash. We can't just assume that because something is old it is right."
"The maturity of man—that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play"
Those who are without compassion cannot see what is seen with the eyes of compassion.
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
An ignorant person is inclined to blame others for his own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. But the wise man never has to blame another or himself.
"Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today."
"Let whoever can do so deceive me, he will never bring it about that I am nothing, so long as I continue to think I am something."
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen?
"No one has ever properly understood me, I have never fully understood anyone; and no one understands anyone else"
Absurdity is one of the most human things about us: a manifestation of our most advanced and interesting characteristics.
"It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. Nothing is by its own nature calamitous -- even death is terrible only if we fear it."
Whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
"When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone."
LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life. MRS ALLONBY: And the body is born young and grows old. That is life's tragedy.
"We all have the beast in us Bill, and it is up to us to control it."
"Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and what it brings"
"I think that the task of philosophy is not to provide answers, but to show how the way we perceive a problem can be itself part of a problem."
The discovery of what is true and the practice of that which is good are the two most important aims of philosophy.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
"In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable."
"Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas"" - ""Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses"
"Every time you spend money, you're casting a vote for the kind of world you want."
"A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window."
"All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion."
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
The greatest untold story is the evolution of God.
"Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis."
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
"The world, viewed philosophically, remains a series of slave camps, where citizens – tax livestock – labor under the chains of illusion in the service of their masters."
"I remember growing up, saying you’re an artist it sounds pretentious but now it’s one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself."
"We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love."
"If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air."
"A picture held us captive. And we could not get outside it, for it lay in our language and language seemed to repeat it to us inexorably."
"Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general."
Philosophy is the highest music.
"if you want it really, you get it !!!"
"I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time"
"The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make a boring life interesting."
Socrates should have written comics.
"The deeper thought is, the taller it becomes."
It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important.
"Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attibutable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century."
People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls.
"Men are made for happiness, and he who is completely happy has the right to say to himself, 'I am doing God's will on earth."
"Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals."
The square root of I is I.
"How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?"
Don't hate the media; become the media.
"The best ideas will eat at you for days, maybe even weeks, until something, some incident, some impulse, triggers you to finally express them."
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
"Philosophers, for example, often fail to recognize that their remarks about the universe apply also to themselves and their remarks. If the universe is meaningless, so is the statement that it is so."
"Don't appreciate me, I'm not up to it. Don't criticize me, I don't deserve it. Just be my friend and forgive me, because I am craving for it."
I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.
"Minds, however, are conquered not by arms, but by love and nobility."
The problem is not only with what’s right and wrong but the problem is with who decides about what’s right and wrong.
"But truly, if I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes."
The search for something permanent is one of the deepest of the instincts leading men to philosophy.
"Some of the best things that have ever happened to us wouldn’t have happened to us, if it weren’t for some of the worst things that have ever happened to us."
The only safe thing is to take a chance.
"To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions."
We feel most alive when we are closest to death.
"Rockabye Baby, in the treetop Dont you know a treetop is no safe place to rock? And who put you up there, and your cradle too? Baby, I think someone down here has got it in for you!"
"The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour."
The most common sort of lie is that by which a man deceives himself: the deception of others is a relatively rare offense.
"People will not remember what you did for living, they will remember how you touched them with kindness and loving."
One great thing about growing old is that nothing is going to lead to anything. Everything is of the moment.
I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.
"The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe. The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers."
"Isn't wine prohibited here?"" the boy asked. ""It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil,"" said the alchemist. ""It's what comes out of their mouths that is."
I distrust every idea that doesn’t seem obsolete and grotesque to my contemporaries.
..the most dangerous animal in a zoo is Man.
"If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am only for myself, what am I? And if not now, when?"
Asshole Proximity Disorder
The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool.
"If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen."
"Don't fear the gods, Don't worry about death; What is good is easy to get, and What is terrible is easy to endure."
The only part of you that hurts when you're given the truth is the part that lives on lies.
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
"He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both."
He who is highly esteemed is not easily conspired against
Everyone is trying to impress everyone else. Trying to make themselves out to be smarter or more confident than they actually are.
"The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed."
No Gods Or Kings. Only Man. -Andrew Ryan
High thoughts must have high language.
"I hope death will be a great happiness, a happiness as great as that of love, fulfilled love"
"Always be friendly, always be kind, Like the most beautiful flower that you can find."
The principles of justice are chosen behind a veil of ignorance.
"Where humanity sowed faith, hope, and unity, joy’s garden blossomed."
"My power is my property. My power gives me property. My power am I myself, and through it am I my property."
What's the use of complaining about something you have no intentions of changing it?
"I had a microscopic eye for the blemish, for the grain of ugliness which to me constituted the sole beauty of the object."
"YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side,' said the dewdrop to the lake."
My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.
"No man was ever yet a great poet, without at the same time being a profound philosopher."
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.
"There is your truth and there is my truth. As for the universal truth, it does not exist."
We can't avoid reasoning; we can only avoid doing it well.
Only by examining our personal biases can we grow as artists; only by cultivating empathy can we grow as people.
Zamanism is about creating power and private resources for all in society by destroying bureaucratic and monopolistic control on society.
"When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry."
All worries are less with wine.
"Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about."
"Civilize The Mind, But Make Savage The Body."
"The only moral it is possible to draw from this story is that one should never throw the Q letter into a privet bush, but unfortunately there are times when it is unavoidable."
"Should philosophy guide experiments, or should experiments guide philosophy?"
"On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero."
"The story of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive… compared with terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational and democratic."
I think it was the institution...I was trying to master it.
"You say, it's dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light."
I’m not superstitious. I’m a witch. Witches aren’t superstitious. We are what people are superstitious of.
"A prince must not have any other object nor any other thought… but war, its institutions, and its discipline; because that is the only art befitting one who commands."
"Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it."
Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.
"Calvin:""It says here that 'religion is the opiate of the masses.'...what do you suppose that means?"" Television: ""...it means that Karl Marx hadn't seen anything yet"
Philosophy begins in wonder. And at the end when philosophic thought has done its best the wonder remains.
"The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly."
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever."
"I’ve always hated the “Who are you?"" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator."
[A]ny species that exempts itself from the rules of competition ends up destroying the community in order to support its own expansion.
"Death isn't the end, it's the beginning."
"Resources are hired to give results, not reasons."
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness, that is life."
Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something (All The King's Men)
"In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible."
"Death as the destruction of all things no longer had meaning when life was revealed to be a fatuous sequence of empty words, the hollow jingle of a jester’s cap and bells."
"A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them."
Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts.
The darkening of the world makes the irrationality of art rational: radically darkened art.
The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second
Those who devote their lives to earning a living are incapable of living a human existence.
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.
Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. And everything between the creation and the next destruction is the journey of life.
"The absurd does not liberate; it binds. It does not authorize all actions. ""Everything is permitted"" does not mean that nothing is forbidden."
In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty...
"Imagining that you are deep and complex, but others are simple, is one of the primary signs of malignant selfishness."
"Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know."
All actual life is encounter.
There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn.
"They blossomed, they did not talk about blossoming."
Man looks on woman from his vantage point and reduces her to a being that is not for-itself but for-him.
"Reh Gyi Rasm-e-Azan, Rooh-e-Bilali Na Rahi Falsafa Reh Gya, Talqeen-e-Ghazali Na Rahi Azan yet sounds, but never now Like Bilal’s, soulfully; Philosophy, conviction-less, Now mourns its Ghazzali"
"The perfectly ordinary girl and the great philosopher are alike: for both, the smallest triviality can become the vision that wipes out the world."
Where do one's fears come from? Where do they shape themselves? Where do they hide before coming out into the open?
Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.
An attempt to achieve the good by force is like an attempt to provide a man with a picture gallery at the price of cutting out his eyes.
There’s no way you can kill someone and get to the other side of the experience unchanged.
"Digression is the soul of wit. Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones."
For every expert there is an equal and opposite expert.
It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world; it is the hardest and most important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment.
The philosopher whose dealings are with divine order himself acquires the characteristics of order and divinity.
the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself.
Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.
"If just one of [those people] experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards."
"Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey."
"It is impossible, or not easy, to alter by argument what has long been absorbed by habit"
"As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy; sickness begins when one starts to think."
…every feeling is the perception of a truth...
We are supposed to call poison medicine and we wonder why we're always sick.
Step out of my sunlight.
The Shadow-maker shapes forever.
"We get swallowed up by the illusion that unless we can find a place to belong, we are going to be all alone in the world."
"I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think."
"Everybody talks, but there is no conversation."
We're ostriches and the whole world is sand.
"To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know."
"Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?"
down with hell and heaven and all the religious fuss infinity pleased our parents one inch looks good to us
Deliverance is not for me in renunciation. I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight.
Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser; of the wrongdoer. It is not something to be squeeeeeezed out of the victim in a further act of conscience-corrupting abuse.
"When faith in our freedom gives way to fear of our freedom, silencing the minority view becomes the operative protocol."
Sed nescio quo modo nihil tam absurde dici potest quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosphorum. (There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.)
"Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear."
Only the descent into the hell of self-knowledge can pave the way to godliness.
Someone said to me once that a cigarette at the right moment is better than all the ideals in the world.
"When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’."
It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...
It is more satisfying to sacrifice oneself for the poor victim than to enable the other to overcome their victim status and perhaps become even more succesfull than ourselves
"Knighthood lies above eternity; it doesn’t live off fame, but rather deeds."
"Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. What is least distinct cannot be named; what is clearest is unutterable."
"We forget old stories, but those stories remain the same."
"Life's managed, not cured."
"True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand."
"We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best."
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
"Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being."
Wild animals are less wild and more human than many humans of this world
"When people have invested their identities into clichés, the only counter argument they have is 'being offended'."
My teacher asked my favorite color. ... I said ‘Rainbow’.... and I was punished to stand out of my class.
Merely fact-minded sciences make merely fact-minded people.
"This time, there was no escape, I could not turn away, could not leave without accepting what I had done. There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain."
Life makes you pay...everybody pays something
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.
Who we are now is all that really matters.
"Without man and his potential for moral progress, the whole of reality would be a mere wilderness, a thing in vain, and have no final purpose."
"Creativity sparks originality, which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. To depreciate imagination is to depreciate life."
"You were free, you are free and you will be free."
"Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it."
Man is an animal who has to live in a lie in order to live at all.
Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.
"Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on."
"Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results."
Few things are more deceptive than memories.
"In reality there are no separate events. Life moves along like water, it's all connected to the source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean."
"Because each of you has his or her own death, you carry it with you in a secret place from the moment you're born, it belongs to you and you belong to it."
"The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly."
"We are often taught to look for the beauty in all things, so in finding it, the layman asks the philosopher while the philosopher asks the photographer."
"We are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later."
A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.
"The fossil record implies trial and error, the inability to anticipate the future, features inconsistent with a Great Designer (though not a Designer of a more remote and indirect temperament.)"
"There’s been terrible things we seen, en’t there? And more a coming, more’n likely. So I think I’d rather not know what’s in the future. I’ll stick to the present."
"Indulge your passion for science…but let your science be human, and such as may have a direct reference to action and society. Be a philosopher; but amidst all your philosophy, be still a man."
"To be, or not to be: what a question!"
You cannot connect with anyone except through reality.
"If I didn't try to assume responsibility for my own existence, it would seem utterly absurd to go on existing."
Here I am...wanting to accomplish something and completely forgetting it must all end--that there is such a thing as death.
Get close to grass and you’ll see a star.
"I am not nothing in the sense of emptiness, but I am the creative nothing, the nothing out of which I myself as creator create everything."
It is easy to be conspicuously 'compassionate' if others are being forced to pay the cost.
It doesn't matter how smart you are unless you stop and think.
"If so few female geniuses are found in history, it is because society denies them any means of expression."
The best things in life are crazy.
"For it can never be that war shall preserve life, and peace destroy it."
What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?
"I can always choose, but I ought to know that if I do not choose, I am still choosing."
Distraction serves evil more than any other mental state.
"Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history; it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages."
"Stay in the center, and you will be ready to move in any direction."
"I have two enemies in all the world, Two twins, inseparably fused: The hunger of the hungry and the fullness of the full."
In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.
"In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit."
We shouldn’t use ‘should’ too much.
Life is only a flicker of melted ice.
There have been two great narcotics in European civilisation: Christianity and alcohol.
"It's the truth, even if it didn't happen... ...if they don't exist, how can a man see them?"
"You cannot change your FUTURE, you can change your HABITS. And surely your HABITS will change your FUTURE"
"Real change is slow, hard, and imperceptible."
"Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers’ cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism."
Why' is a crooked letter and can't be made straight.
"Unless we learn to know ourselves, we run the danger of destroying ourselves."
"In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering among innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge."
A writer always writes.
One must not avoid Schopenhauer. One should read him and then overcome him. It is the ladder that you must get rid of once you reach the top.
Can all this just be an accident? Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it?
Misconceptions play a prominent role in my view of the world.
I tell you: one must still have chaos in oneself to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you still have chaos in yourselves.
"Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency."
"Philosophy lives in words, but truth and fact well up into our lives in ways that exceed verbal formulation."
"Man is no longer an artist, he has become a work of art."
Love is a cowboy's hardest ride.
"The person who wishes to attain human perfection should study logic first, next mathematics, then physics, and, lastly, metaphysics."
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts.
The good men of every age are those who go to the roots of the old thoughts and bear fruit with them.
An inventor is a man who asks 'Why?' of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind.
"Religion?"" Mr Kumar grinned broadly. ""I don't believe in religion. Religion is darkness."
"You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong."
"The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun. It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son."
"Don't think, but look! (PI 66)"
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
Skepticism is the agent of reason against organized irrationalism--and is therefore one of the keys to human social and civic decency.
Is it better to be loved or feared?
"I'll follow you, even to death—but I won't live with you any more."
"In the world of art, all things are possible.--George from Paradise Kiss"
Philosophers' Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity.
"The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good."
"Attaining consciousness is connected with the gradual liberation from mechanicalness, for man is fully and completely under mechanical laws."
"Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors."
"Sacraments are like hoses. They are the channels of the living water of God's grace. Our faith is like opening the faucet. We can open it a lot, a little, or not at all."
"Borderless world is a good idea. But unless all countries of the world agree on that, it is mere idealism. A fancy idea which looks good only on paper."
"As long as there are countries with borders in this world, nationalism would remain the highest virtue."
Men and water shouldn’t stay at the same place for long.
"Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance."
"Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say."
"Fate isn’t one straight road…there are forks in it, many different routes to different ends. We have the free will to choose the path."
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.
We are born into this world unarmed - our mind is our only weapon.
"Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it."
The things that pose the greatest threats to your survival are the most real things.
Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.
"If you took the monsters' point of view, everything they did made perfect sense. The trick was learning to think like a monster."
the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is god’s messenger.
Whoever is going to listen to the philosophers needs a considerable practice in listening.
What you don’t know won’t hurt you. A dubious maxim: sometimes what you don’t know can hurt you very much.
The only value of wasted time is knowledge.
"They didn't realize that her clumsiness was not the ordinary kind, not poor coordination. It was just because she wasn't sure where the edges of her body ended and the rest of the world began."
"We must close our eyes and invoke a new manner of seeing, a wakefulness that is the birthright of us all, though few put it to use."
Nothing is necessitated whose opposite is possible.
"If you think life is magical or life is hard, either way you are right. Your thoughts are the source of reality."
The only person who needs forgiveness is the one who doesn't deserve it.
"As understanding deepens, the further removed it becomes from knowledge."
"If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek."
"If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today."
YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.
"I'm probably 20 percent atheist and 80 percent agnostic. I don't think anyone really knows. You'll either find out or not when you get there, until then there's no point thinking about it."
"He recognized with absolute certainty the empty fragility of even the noblest theorizings as compared with the definitive plenitude of the smallest fact grasped in its total, concrete reality."
"Body is a home, a prison and a grave."
Because it's much more pleasant to be obsessed over how the hero gets out of his predicament than it is over how I get out of mine.
Love isn't always a physical emotion. Sometimes it's the ones who never got to actually hold you in their arms that appreciate you for who you are
"If your desire is for good, the people will be good."
"Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance and shimmy, and you've got an audience!"
The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.
Is it possible for a man to move the earth? Yes; but he must first find out another earth to stand upon.
"If one does not develop, one goes down. In life, in ordinary conditions everything goes down, or one capacity may develop at the expense of another."
"No power on earth, if it labours beneath the burden of fear, can possibly be strong enough to survive."
"No philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism."
"To be wicked is never excusable, but there is some merit in knowing that you are; the most irreparable of vices is to do evil from stupidity."
Measure your day not by the money you're earning but by the unconditional love that you're giving away.
Awkward silences rule the world. People are so terrified of awkward silences that they will literally go to war rather than face an awkward silence.
"The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society."
"Impossible things are really rough to do, you know."
Having just enough life to enjoy being dead.
"No dirt can touch me, like an ocean, everything that comes to me becomes clean."
"Healthy introspection, without undermining oneself; it is a rare gift to venture into the unexplored depths of the self, without delusions or fictions, but with an uncorrupted gaze."
There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.
"Writing blooms flowers for mind, which last forever."
Things that seem morally obvious and intuitive now weren’t necessarily so in the past; many started with nonconforming reasoning.
"From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance"
"A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustn't be so great at all."
No code of ethics and no effort are justifiable a priori in the face of the cruel mathematics that command our condition.
Knowledge and error flow from the same mental sources; only success can tell one from the other.
"What is to be, will be, and no prayers of ours can arrest the decree."
"Is the world really beautified by the fact that man thinks it beautiful? He has humanized it, that is all."
They grew; they did not talk about growing.
"Men are generally right in what they affirm and wrong in what they deny. What we deny is generally something that lies outside our experience, and about which we can therefore say nothing."
"That's just the way: a person does a low-down thing, and then he don't want to take no consequences of it. Thinks as long as he can hide it, it ain't no disgrace."
"If you were born with the ability to change someone’s perspective or emotions, never waste that gift. It is one of the most powerful gifts God can give—the ability to influence."
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.
"Only a philosopher's mind grows wings, since its memory always keeps it as close as possible to those realities by being close to which the gods are divine."
"You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself."
"In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing."
"This city belongs to ghosts, to murderers, to sleepwalkers. Where are you, in what bed, in what dream?"
"NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi."
"If you can convince people that freedom is injustice, they will then believe that slavery is freedom."
And don't tell me the end justifies the means because it doesn't. We never reach the end. All we ever get is means. That's what we live with.
A miracle is often the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way.
"If I had to write a book on morality, it would have a hundred pages and ninety-nine would be blank. On the last page I should write: ""I recognize only one duty, and that is to love."
"If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires."
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
"Our natures are, indeed, elusively insubstantial—notoriously less stable and less inherent than the nature of other things. And insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit."
We are as gods and might as well get good at it.
The rEaL wOrLd is but a fictional place where those who have narrow minds and shallow imagination compile their oppressive ideas of what rEaLiTy only should be.
"I am strangely tired, not from having talked so much but at the mere thought of what I still have to say"
Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.
"If there is a change, there must be some thing that changes, yet does not change"
A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. A theologian is the man who finds it.
"Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories."
He who says either that the time for philosophy has not yet come or that it has passed is like someone who says that the time for happiness has not yet come or that it has passed.
"Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal."
let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly.
Great losses are great lessons.
"Weariness that wants to reach the ultimate with one leap, with one fatal leap, a poor ignorant weariness that does not want to want any more: this created all gods and afterworlds."
Is it better to go with the flow or let the flow go?
"The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires."
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
God has abandoned you. Fear does not serve you. Your heart has betrayed you. Only the music can guide you.
Hope burns eternal in the human heart.
Conformity to the present is invisibility to the future.
"Whether we like it or not, modern ways are going to alter and in part destroy traditional customs and values."
"A moment or an eternity—did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist."
"Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry."
"What is the world of the spirits? It is nothing I know about. I don't know what spirit is."" ""Spirit is what matter does."
"Wisdom is being able to see the world for what it is, rather than what you want it to be."
"Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life."
"We...sin not because we want what is evil, but because we want what isn't good enough."
"Philosophy, from the earliest times, has made greater claims, and achieved fewer results, than any other branch of learning."
"Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this"
"The truth is, going against the internal stream of ignorance is way more rebellious than trying to start some sort of cultural revolution."
The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet. It must take place within one's own mind and heart.
"I didn't want to do it,' Kiala said. 'The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually."
On marriage: You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again.
"There is desire in the perfect, beauty in the imperfect. Thus I lust over the flawless, and fall amorously forceless to the flawed."
But every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle.
"For a game, you don’t need a teacher."
"That of which we cannot speak, we must pass over in silence"
We youths say “like” all the time because we mistrust reality.
The price we have paid for expecting to be so much more than our ancestors is a perpetual anxiety that we are far from being all we might be.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
"Sometimes... Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even what's right gets lost. Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin?"
"Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, ""good Karma."
A modern philosopher who has never once suspected himself of being a charlatan must be such a shallow mind that his work is probably not worth reading.
Violence begins with the fork.
"The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence."
A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.
"Wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good."
"Of Equality--as if it harm'd me, giving others the same chances and rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same."
"A writer is one who communicates ideas and emotions people want to communicate but aren't quite sure how, or even if, they should communicate them."
"Knowledge is responsibility, which is why people resist knowledge."
"It's not oil that runs the world, it's shame."
Most of us try to do too much because we are secretly afraid we will not be able to do anything at all.
"And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies"
"It's good to see the snakes revealing themselves. They weren't actually hidden at all. People hide behind the masks, but eventually you see them for who they truly are."
"You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light."
Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.
"We are preoccupied with time. If we could learn to love space as deeply as we are now obsessed with time, we might discover a new meaning in the phrase 'to live like men."
Clean your home first before complaining about others.
For axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses.
"One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of life cannot be estimated."
"The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing."
"Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love."
Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
"Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. Be water, my friend."
"The present is all we have, yet it is the one thing we will never learn to hold in our hands."
"What we do not confront, we inhabit. What we do not reject, we accept. What we do not fight, we become."
"From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me."
"This is the Modern Man. The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to find; The man who does not hesitate to criticize the other, although he behaves in the same way;"
"Teaching others, he corrected himself."
I want to paint the rest of my days with the best colors.
"Networking isn't how many people you know, it's how many people know you."
"Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness."
"You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented."
I should have based my judgement upon deeds and not words.
"The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death."
Dubium sapientiae initium. (Doubt is the origin of wisdom.)
More powerful than the mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.
Slice a pear and you will find that its flesh is incandescent white. It glows with inner light. Those who carry a knife and a pear are never afraid of the dark.
Be a surfer. Watch the ocean. Figure out where the big waves are breaking and adjust accordingly.
"A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it."
"I grew up once, I decided never to do it again"
"Arrival in the world is really a departure and that, which we call departure, is only a return."
"The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. Didn’t even check for traffic. There wasn’t any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker."
My reason for preferring the darkness is that in the dark you have to describe yourself. In the daylight other people describe you.
Bad men rule by the feebleness of the ruled; and this is just; the triumph of weaklings would not be just.
"One does not inhabit a country; one inhabits a language. That is our country, our fatherland - and no other."
Strong souls face painful tragedies because the universe honours their strength by pulling out its most fearsome weapons against them.
"Whatever I learned, Whatever I knew, Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew, Away in some dilemma, Always in some confusion, The purpose of this life, Seems like an illusion!"
Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.
My religion is to live - and die - without regret.
All statistics have outliers.
The truth is helpless when up against perception
"Mankind is made of two kinds of people: wise people who know they're fools, and fools who think they are wise."
"My mind was formed by studying philosophy, Plato and that sort of thing."
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.
"There's a huge swath of humanity that has developed verbal abilities to extract resources from guilt-ridden people. They used to be priests, and now they're leftists."
There is no dark side of the moon really. As a matter of fact it's all dark.
Guilt is a feeling that you owe a debt that you're not paying.
Irrational expectations are at the root of most human suffering.
"Through synergy of intellect, artistry and grace came into existence the blessing of a dancer."
"Every heart, it have its own ache."
There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature
You cannot be remade unless you are first broken.
Part of the maturity of the sciences is an appreciation of which questions are best left to other disciplinary approaches.
Peace is a child's beautiful smile and a flower's freshness Peace is an inner perception of joyfulness and happiness.
"Irony? Irony can never be more than our own personal Maginot line; the drawing of it, for the most part, purely arbitrary."
In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion & philosophy don’t differ from science.
"Taking in the good, whenever and wherever we find it, gives us new eyes for seeing and living."
"What comes, is called."
"Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth."
"In the end, it is our defiance that redeems us. If wolves had a religion – if there was a religion of the wolf – that it is what it would tell us."
"With the truth, all given facts harmonize; but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note."
"There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life."
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this.
Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable; what it is or what it means can never be said.
Why do we think love is a magician? Because the whole power of magic consists in love. The work of magic is the attraction of one thing by another because of a certain affinity of nature.
"Atheism is a way of humility. It's to think oneself to be an animal, as we are actually and to allow oneself to become human."
"The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found."
"Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile."
One word can change your life forever. I love you I hate you Think about it
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you
The logical man must either deny all miracles or none.
All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects.
"Love life, Live Love"
Education is meaningless without manners
"Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend."
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
"We may not yet know the right way to go, but we should at least stop going in the wrong direction."
"Truth has nothing to do with the conclusion, and everything to do with the methodology."
The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education.
"A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need."
Excuses are a promise of repetition.
"The three most important words in a relationship are not, 'I love you,' but, 'Tell me more."
Baseless victimhood is usually the last stage before outright aggression.
"why are we here? where do we come from? traditionally,these are questions for philosophy,but philosophy is dead"
"Never stop acquiring the commonsense, it is as good as the knowledge."
"A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape."
Sound unbound by nature becomes bounded by art.
A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.
"Place yourself in the middle of the stream of power and wisdom which animates all whom it floats, and you are without effort impelled to truth, to right and a perfect contentment."
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.
I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .
"love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers."
the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor.
Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications.
What does it matter where my body happens to be?' he said. 'My mind goes on working all the same.
Most of the propositions and questions to be found in philosophical works are not false but nonsensical.
"As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new."
A few dud universes can really clutter up your basement.
First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations.
Laughter is the hand of God on the shoulder of a troubled world.
"Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance? Master of Stupidity: That supports the basis of lost-then-found concept."
"When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people."
"If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else"
"He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with."
to have great pain is to have certainty; to hear that another person has pain is to have doubt.
"Wouldn’t the joys of life lose all colour, if life was eternal?"
"True siblings are bound together by far more essential things than blood, while more times than many blood isn't thicker than water."
The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size.
"Let's not worry. It's too late now. It will always be too late, fortunately!"
"Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity."
"Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch."
All philosophers are sick in the head.
"When, at last, I ceased to be myself, I came to be."
Live to revel in just another twilight. Life may sink and disappear along with the sunset never to rise again
"In the summer, we write life’s summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories."
"The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that."
"Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;"
"With oppression, one group has the power to realize their choices and to name the world in order to change the world, while the other has these choices, these names, and this world imposed on them."
The best physician is also a philosopher.
"There is no need to fear or hope, but only to look for new weapons."
you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry
"There is one thing, Emma, which a man can always do if he chooses, and that is his duty; not by manoeuvring and finessing, but by vigour and resolution. - Mr. Knightley"
Everything that can be thought at all can be thought clearly. Everything that can be said can be said clearly.
Deep connection is the antidote to madness.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art; it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason
"Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go."
"The philosopher's school, ye men, is a surgery: you ought not to go out of it with pleasure, but with pain. For you are not in sound health when you enter."
"Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all."
"Not bad, not bad at all,"" Diotallevi said. ""To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text."
"Don't write to sell, write to tell."
"The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths."
Courage is the fairest adornment of youth.
The rich fop Francis of Assisi was bored all his life
I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.
"Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?"
Time is heavy sometimes; imagine how heavy eternity must be.
Time cannot put anything in your hands until you let go off the time.
"Do you believe in God, doctor?"" No - but what does that really mean? I'm fumbling in the dark, struggling to make something out. But I've long ceased finding that original."
"The business of philosophy is to teach man to live in uncertainty... not to reassure him, but to upset him."
"where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?"
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.
"For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction."
But this wealth of information produced little or no insight.
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.
"I was transformed the day My ego shattered, And all the superficial, material Things that mattered To me before, Suddenly ceased To matter."
A culture is made — or destroyed — by its articulate voices.
By that which you kill are you bound.
"Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?"
"But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me."
Search of truth is actually a search of strength to handle the truth.
"When we like something too much, a part of us wants to keep them forever in our 'wishlist' because we know that when wishes comes true, they lose their charm."
"You can believe in whatsoever you like, but the truth remains the truth, no matter how sweet the lie may taste."
"Mist to mist, drops to drops. For water thou art, and unto water shalt thou return."
The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato.
What can oppose the decline of the west is not a resurrected culture but the utopia that is silently contained in the image of its decline.
God save me from fools with a little philosophy—no one is more difficult to reach.
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.
Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.
"He had a look of composed dissatisfaction, as if he understood life thoroughly."
Ignorance isn't a sword. It's a weight that drags a soul swirling to the bottom of the sea.
I am the man who loves his life. I am the man who does not sacrifice his love or his values.
To philosophise is to learn how to die.
"The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet."
"A few minutes later, my eyes began to feel a bit droopy, but I vaguely noticed that Anissa was whispering something."
Pride makes us artificial; humility makes us real
"From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friend's accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition."
"Maybe I’m strange and perverse, but I’ve always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument."
"The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law."
It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity.
"I think to think. Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. I think for the sensuality of thought."
"If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?"
The spectacle is at the same time the mirage of self in the mirror of things.
"Material wealth can be bad for your health. Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil, that you couldn’t keep it all for your self."
Life is a book. We fill the pages.
Lend me your ears and you can borrow my mind
"Godshawk looked surprised, the way that people generally do when you ask them philosophical questions in shrubberies in the middle of the night."
"Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if you'll get a second chance to ask , and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be."
"I wonder why peopke are so afraid of love. Of different kinds of love. I just don't get it. Why aren't we afraid of racism"" Of war? But love? It just doesn't make sense."
"I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full? What’s the difference? Eventually it’ll end up empty and in the trash."
"All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer."
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
"The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest."
"Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes."
"As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think."
"It would be, for me, mere pointless pleasure, an illusion of order for this one frail, foolish, flicker-flash in the long dull fall of eternity."
"...convinced that in trying to please all, he had pleased none, and had lost his ass into the bargain."
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.
I don’t know whether this world has a meaning that transcends it. But I know that I cannot know that meaning and that it is impossible for me just now to know it.
The world was floods above and fire below
Vulnerability is the least celebrated emotion in our society
"This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time."
"What are we doing to each other? Because I know that I am doing to him exactly what he is doing to me. We are sometimes so happy, and never in our lives have we known more unhappiness."
The perfect is the enemy of the good.
Don’t dwell too much on the past. The lessons are useful for the present and a preparation for the future. Move on!
"Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer."
A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.
"Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing."
"War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides."
Excessive praise arises from the same bigotry matrix as excessive criticism.
Staring is half the victory in love.
"During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving."
What I have come to believe is that joy is the twin sister of gratitude. I am most joyful when I am most grateful.
"The tombstone over the grave of the conscience always reads: ""Human Nature""."
"Philosophy is like wine. There are good years and bad years but, in general, the older the better."
"We are made out of stars, you and I."
Language disguises thought.
"By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturer's icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it."
"Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship."
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself.
"Apocalypse is a frame of mind."" [Nicodemus] said then. ""A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope."
It is more Important to be of pure intention than of perfect action.
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
The most important thing about a technology is how it changes people.
Irreverence is a most necessary ingredient of religion. Not to speak of its importance in philosophy. Irreverence is the only way left to us for testing our universe.
"We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner."
"If the sum of living be love's fee, Tremble. You are my one eternity."
Raise a smile and lower stress
You have to be an artist and a madman...
"If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough."
"It is culture that is the bully."" Orn Ald yos'Senchul to Theo Waitley, Saltation"
"Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing."
It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.
The man who says that all events are necessitated has no ground for critizing the man who says that not all events are necessitated. For according to him this is itself a necessitated event.
The command of our language is crucial to focusing our thoughts and communicating them with precision to others.
Quote words that affirm all men and women are your brothers and sisters.
I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us.
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
"I realized that conservatism was the philosophy that best suited me, with its emphasis on individual liberty, personal responsibility, and merit."
If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself
"Love itself is what is left over when being ""in love"" has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident."
Vivo sin vivir en mí... muero porque no muero. (I live without really being alive... I die because I am not dying.)
"All modern philosophizing is political, policed by governments, churches, academics, custom, fashion, and human cowardice, all of which limit it to a fake learnedness."
"People do not know how what is at variance agrees with itself. It is an attunement of opposite tensions, like that of the bow and the lyre."
"We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within. We need to walk to remember the songs."
"As long as your ideas of what's possible are limited by what's actual, no other idea has a chance."
"The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. Whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles."
the exclusive worship of the bitch-goddess sucess is our national disease
"...much theological discussion is wasted, not because the words used have no possible meaning, but because the people who use them don't mean anything by them."
"A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself."
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
"They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options."
Every man knows that he will die: and nobody believes it. On that paradox stand not only a host of religions but the entity of a sane being.
"After a tragedy, a farce. Philosophy enters into her power, and the earth returns under one's feet."
In this lifetime we meet and part like passing clouds
"The principle of caution, respecting the gravity of human suffering, weighs against procreating to the extent that it is unpredictable whether the person created will have a good life."
"Maybe we should always start everything from the inside and work to the outside, and not from the outside to the inside. What d'you think?"
"Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk."
"Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you."
"The more thoroughly a person understands life, the less he will mock, though in the end he might still mock the ""thoroughness of his understanding."
KODO SAWAKI: Studying originally meant aspiring to discover the meaning of life. These days studying has become all about getting a job.
"Adding to my emotional dizziness on Sunday, I spoke with my sister, who kept noting how amazing Michael is, and what a brave and selfless man he is for having helped as he did."
Death means nothing to us
Good authors worry about genres great authors don't.
"whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived"
"Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love."
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
Expressing doubt is how we begin a journey to discover essential truths.
"Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect."
This is why they started us here so young: to give ourselves away before the age when the questions 'why' and 'to what' grow real beaks and claws.
"Those who grant sympathy to guilt, grant none to innocence."
"The whole interest of my reason, whether speculative or practical, is concentrated in the three following questions: What can I know? What should I do? What may I hope? (Critique of Pure Reason"
"Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless."
"There's always something in it for the person who is allowing to be taken advantage of."" Psychotherapist David in Type 1 Sociopath"
The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.
Facts do not fall in the face of discomfort.
Some of us are busy doing things; some of us are busy complaining.
"It is not enough to show how clever we are by showing how obscure everything is""."
There is nothing good in this world that does not have some filth in its origin.
"The hardest thing in the world is to let go of who you once thought you were and to manifest your true self, at the risk of being unloved. This is self-actualization."
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think the same could be said for time.
"Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty."
A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
"You see, the deaf have an intimacy with silence. It’s there in their dreams."
Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.
Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all.
"Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free."
"Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear -- and doubt."
Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in.
"Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards."
"Different languages, the same thoughts; servant to thoughts and their masters."
There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves.
"Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. But that doesn't mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around."
It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.
"We're on a planet, relax!"
Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.
Never say no to now
Ignore a person kill the person.
"The greatest skeptic must now admit that the land and sea-borne trade of India had given her a world-wide fame not only for her gold, spices and silk, but for her religions and philosophies also."
"If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones."
Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future.
"There is no future without a past, because what is to be cannot be imagined except as a form of repetition."
"If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If there's nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more?"
"Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul."
"All men have their frailties; and whoever looks for a friend without imperfections, will never find what he seeks."
A constitution that is made for all nations is made for none.
Imagination is cheap as long as you don't have to worry about the details.
It’s ever been the way of the man of science or philosophy. Most folks stay in the dark and then complain they can’t see nothing.” – Snipes (185)
"...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy."
"The vivid force of his mind prevailed, and he fared forth far beyond the flaming ramparts of the heavens and traversed the boundless universe in thought and mind."
"Definitions are the guardians of rationality, the first line of defense against the chaos of mental disintegration."
Philosophy . . .consists chiefly in suggesting unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
"Whether a belief is considered to be a delusion or not depends partly upon the intensity with which it is defended, and partly upon the numbers of people subscribing to it."
"Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth."
"The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence"
"Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance."
There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life.
"Were prayers of murderers, when fighting on the “right side” of the war, ever heard—let alone answered?"
Light in comparison with darkness is a void.
"Together, ""Light and Knowledge"" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable."
The sole philosophy open to those who doubt the possibility of truth is absolute silence -- even mental.
"If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions."
"Where do they go, these dreams of mine? Do they live? Do they die? Do they fall? Do they fly?"
"Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative."
"What is familiar is what we are used to; and what we are used to is most difficult to 'Know' - that is, to see as a problem; that is, to see as strange, as distant, as 'outside us'."
Fear is nothing more than a negative assessment of risk.
Art must take reality by surprise.
"We know that the destruction of an ideal does not necessarily produce a truth, but only one more piece of ignorance; it is the extension of our ‘empty space,’ an increase in our ‘waste."
"If you have seen everything in life, you want to say to people, ""Cut the drama and come to the point."" But for people, drama is the point. A point is useless to them if it doesn't provide drama."
"Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable."
"Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company."
I refuse to let the standards of evil people chip away at my capacity for integrity.
"The good which every man, who follows after virtue, desires for himself he will also desire for other men..."
"The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice."
"The true philosopher is a man who says ""All right,"" and goes to sleep in his armchair."
Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty.
Don’t think about the possibilities of failing. Never forget to think about the possibilities of flying.
"Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity."
"We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people"
Summer is for surrendering; winter is for wondering.
"Life is a magical journey, so travel endlessly to unfold its profound and heart touching beauty."
Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.
Love is my inner strength and my power.
"Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give values to survival."
There's more to logic than identifying logical fallacies.
"What a paradox it is, the sane causes more problems than the insane! It is! The real problems of the world do not come from the insane but, the sane!"
Stress is nothing but the fear of change.
Never be cruel to anyone; no one deserves it.
"After your death, you will be what you were before your birth."
One does what one is; one becomes what one does.
The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.
"It's not about whether or not someone is a bigot, but whether or not the argument which that someone is arguing is worth being a bigot about."
"We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth."
"Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect."
Nobody wants to believe that existence carries on without at least taking a stumble from their departure of this world.
"The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become."
We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.
"Miss Abbott, don't worry over me. Some people are born not to do things. I'm one of them."
This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a muscle.
"Do you not think that God will protect us?” “No,” he said flatly. “My experience is that He rarely attends to the obvious."
"Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment."
All names disappear. Children should be taught that in elementary school. But we're afraid to teach them.
"We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe. God or Satan, politics or grammar, topology or philately (...) To games or needles, to some other person."
God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday.
"Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection."
The selfish man suffers more from his selfishness than he from whom that selfishness withholds some important benefit.
You can recognize a small truth because its opposite is a falsehood. The opposite of a great truth is another truth.
"Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or what you think could have beneficent social effects if it were believed; but look only and solely at what are the facts."
What's the survival value of obsessing on a sunset?
"As individuals express their life, so they are."
"When your tears become invisible, disappear"
"When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine"
Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.
"Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else"
"You have made the moon,"" The Jester said. ""That is the moon."
"In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy."
"Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? Well, for the good reason that human nature loves absoluteness, and erroneously considers it as a state of higher knowledge."
I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.
"The best ship, the best culture, the best knowledge, is the one which allows us to go farther, explore more territories or oceans of reality, and have the least damaging leaks possible."
Life is a complex with real and imaginary parts
"MIGHT, something God only has."
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.
See the moon? It hates us.
But understanding will always require some effort. You probably wouldn't admire a friend who was good at everything if it cost her no effort.
A hydrogen atom in a cell at the end of my nose was once part of an elephant's trunk. A carbon atom in my cardiac muscle was once in the tail of a dinosaur.
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.
"It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution."
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
"Ben, if you get pee in my brand-new car, I am going to cut your balls off."" Still peeing, Ben looks over at me smirking. ""You´re gonna need a hell of a big knife, bro."
"Only God may be adored, because only God is unlimited goodness, truth, and beauty, and thus only God deserves unlimited love."
"You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness."
"In my heart's most secret place, I pity them as angels do."
The gods are fond of the cryptic and dislike the evident.
"Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing."
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway."
"I believe that just because something didn’t go the way you planned it once, it’s no reason not to try again."
"The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace."
"Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension."
No one species shall make the life of the world its own.' … That's one expression of the law. Here's another: 'The world was not made for any one species.
"A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but he's often sure he can find one. And that's a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy."
"In the liquid amber within the ivory porcelain, the initiated may touch the sweet reticence of Confucius, the piquancy of Laotse, and the ethereal aroma of Sakyamuni himself."
"Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another."
Communism is the final logic of the dehumanization of man.
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg. Shall I swallow cave-phantoms?
Civilization is only possible for deeply unpleasant animals. It is only an ape that can be truly civilized.
Laughter is the antidote to existential pain
"If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert"
"The best of humanity's recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance."
Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner.
"[N]ow we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it."
Love delayed is lust augmented.
The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language.
We must think beyond ourselves
"I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence."
Death is never an excuse to stop living.
"If the moment is everthing, then everything is time."
"Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets."
"If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it"
No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!
"Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature; but he is a thinking reed."
"Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential."
He who writes well runs the civilization. Everyone else does the grunt work.
"If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it."
"We are the lucky ones for we shall die, as there is an infinite number of possible forms of DNA all but a few billions of which will never burst into consciousness."
"If we try to measure Now, we find it's always gone, has become part of the past."
I would rather be an opportunist and float than go to the bottom with my principles around my neck.
Would Crazy Horse have spent this much to remodel a kitchen?
"What is humor?' one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, ''nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition."
Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision.
Sublime natures are seldom clean!
She wondered which was worse—living your whole life staring at yourself or waiting your whole life for someone to stare back at you.
Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death.
I man is a prisoner of only his own mind.
If i had it all to do again there would be more bodies.
The most important thing I gained from my travels was the knowledge that one could achieve anything with determination and an ounce of luck.
Let no one delay the study of philosophy while young nor weary of it when old.
"Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them."
"Nobody will deny that there is an interest in philosophy today. But—is there anything at all left today in which man does not take an interest, in the sense in which he understands ""interest""?"
The world is a garden of philosophy. God is its gardener; Man is the visitor. And any tree that does not bear fruits of philosophy either does not belong to that garden or is yet to be grown.
Let the word be written by you and not told by others
You need contradictions to make an ideal.
Pay attention to me.
"After a dream like that, you're grateful that it was just a dream, that no matter how bad your actual life, it couldn't be worse than your dream life."
I have gradually come to understand what every great philosophy until now has been: the confession of its author and a kind of involuntarily unconscious memoir.
"In reality there are no persons, only threads of memories and habits. At the moment of realization, the person ceases."
"Representatives of truth. The champions of truth are hardest to find, not when it is dangerous to tell it, but rather when it is boring."
"In good company one must never want to be entirely and solely right, which is what all pure logic wants [...]."
"To all of you here, I wish you a very Happy New Year and I look forward to seeing you in 2022. All the best."
"It takes intelligence to recognize intelligence, or the lack of it."
Even the truth is just a mere thought.
"True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck."
"If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking."
"People wealth consists upon their freedom, individual resources and good social life."
The greatest happiness is a quiet kind. It’s the tender understanding that we’re living in a very strange place full of strange creatures. And there’s quite a bit of wonder in that.
To lovers there. Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.
"Hold fast to the mountain, take root in a broken-up bluff, grow stronger after tribulations, and withstand the buffering wind from all directions."
"Every time you help someone to achieve success, you become more successful. Always help to lift the burdens of others."
The essence of technology is by no means anything technological.
"The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power."
There is so much in man that is horrifying!.. The world has been a madhouse for too long!...
"Cause and effect, means and ends, seed and fruit, cannot be severed; for the effect already blooms in the cause, the end preexists in the means, the fruit in the seed."
To call yourself a “realistic” person is intensely arrogant and naïve.
Philosophy is a root of science. Science is a branch of a philosophical tree.
First mountains are mountains and rivers are rivers. Than mountains are no longer mountains and rivers are no longer rivers. Finally mountains are mountains and rivers are rivers.
...the truth of what one says lies in what one does.
Life exists so the Universe can experience itself.
"A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life."
Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.
At the heart of nature’s mystery lies another mystery.
"For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free; but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free."
"If you do not enjoy a moment, you lose it forever. If you enjoy it, it is yours forever."
"Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring."
"This, in the end, is the prime purpose of a philosophy: to give us lucid ways to think about the world and how to live in it."
Every new day is an opportunity to grow your love.
"Photographs are the reflection of untold stories, unseen beauties, unexpressed emotions, and the unheard songs of life."
"It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion."
Time throws you out of its dimensionless planar like a boomerang. It unites with you again in death.
Adversity discourages losers; adversity inspires winners.
The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.
The best knowledge is knowing yourself and your inner being.
Life is a magical game so play it with love.
Education shows the path to the door of opportunity. It gives confidence and hope to open it.
Life develops what it demands.
To some extent the romantic condemnation of rationality stems from the very effectiveness of rationality in uplifting men from primitive conditions.
Only my heart can see your love and only my soul can feel your touch.
The smallest act of kindness makes you more beautiful than any expensive dress or make up.
"Nothing is more visible than things hidden; Nothing is more manifest than things minute; Therefore, the superior man should be aware of his aloneness"
"Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!"
"Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems."
"Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate."
"Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals."
There isn't an end point to excellence where you have it and you can stop. Being your best self means keeping on trying.
"Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none."
"If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion"
"Let's say I have a mystical soul and a rational brain, and, like Montaigne, I am incapable of choosing between them. I don't know if I believe in God, but I am often tempted to believe."
Some concepts are so incredibly risky they take an honest fool to try to articulate them.
"Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner."
"Life always involves some logic in its manifestations, and logic, as a rule, excludes the versatility of life from its considerations."
"People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story?"
The obsession with putting ourselves at the centre of everything is the bane not only of theologians but also of zoologists.
"The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it."
"When the mind is free, magic happens."
For I have trained myself and am training myself always to be able to dance lightly in the service of thought
"The challenge is to resist circumstances. Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole."
"Once someone asked me, ""What do you want to be your epitaph?"" So I said, ""Paulo Coelho died when he was alive."
"Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up"
"I don’t want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I’m ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of."
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength
"Humanity must forgive 'Humanity', for only then can we be Humane."
Compassion is the basis of all morality
"When you’ve tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed"
"You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you"
To believe in nothing is as ridiculous as to believe in everything. Reason and factual evidence may convert a belief into knowledge.
We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.
"When you can't get what you want, get what you need"
"Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it."
Grammar and ordinary language are bad guides to metaphysics. A great book might be written showing the influence of syntax on philosophy.
"Pretend you are foolish to the foolish, and be yourself when you are alone or with others like you, because if you take the foolish seriously as your friend, you might be a fool yourself."
Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth.
Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.
"It is curious that the human mind could blindly accept an infinite speed but had reservations to accept a finite one, simply because it was too large!"
"I can kill a bad guy, but I can't save anyone. I'm not a hero. All I am is a killer. A dead killer who shit his pants."
"Besides our eyes, skin and the other senses through which we receive the shadows of the exterior reality, we have a 'mental eye' (intelligence) with which we can perceive reality as it is."
"He was still thoughtful. 'Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone?' 'Philosophy, Lord Dryden? And yet it's daylight and everyone is still sober."
Your principle should be to see everything and say nothing. The world changes so rapidly that if you want to get on you cannot afford to align yourself with any person or point of view.
"One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone."
"Visible objects therefore do not perish utterly, since nature repairs one thing from another and allows nothing to be born without the aid of another's death."
Yesterday misspent can't be recall'd Vanity makes beauty contemptible Wisdom is more valuable than riches.
"Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change"
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
"FRANCISCUS: How sweetly she looks! Oh, but there's a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy."
An over examination of life can deter you from life itself
An intelligent man is one who acknowledges his intelligence as that of those who surround him.
To question reason is to trust it.
"If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve"
"There are two ways of constructing a piece of software: One is to make it so simple that there are obviously no errors, and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious errors."
My world is about stories that entertain; emotions that move; people you’ll remember; literature that matters.
Your educators can only be your liberators.
"With a philosophy education, one can infuriate his peers, intimidate his date, think of obscure, unreliable ways to make money, and never regret a thing."
"Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia."
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
It is just as crazy not to be crazy about Christ as it is to be crazy about anything else.
"What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil?"
It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively.
"The philosopher is a person who refuses no pleasures which do not produce greater sorrows, and who knows how to create new ones."
"People are, generally speaking, either dead certain or totally indifferent (Both types are crawling around deep down in the rabbit's fur!)"
God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.
"Because in some other universe, you are me, I am you, and we are perfectly happy together. Or perhaps not… and just like this…"
Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens.
"Any fool can see the limits of seeing, but not even the wisest know the limits of knowing. Thus is ignorance rendered invisible, and are all Men made fools."
What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: *Everything is easy until it isn't.*
"Though all men be equally frail before the world, the differences between them are terrifying."
Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards
"the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain."
There is something almost shocking in the notion of so chaste a function carrying this Kantian hurlyburly in her womb.
Giving is the only way of taking part
"If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten"
The soul exists partly in eternity and partly in time.
"You may tend to get cancer from the thing that makes you want to smoke so much, not from the smoking itself."
Reason is the power or capacity whereby we see or detect logical relationships among propositions.
Here we find further argument for Gotagga’s supposition that the world is round. How else could all men stand higher than their brothers?
Can a woman not walk with her possessions down the street of a city?
A world without poetry and art would be too much like one without birds or flowers: bearable but a lot less enjoyable.
"Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being."
"Life is the greatest of all mysteries, and though I seek to solve its many riddles, my deepest fear is that I will succeed."
"I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too."
How keen everyone is to make this world their home forgetting its impermanence. It's like trying to see and name constellations in a fireworks display.
"The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom."
"On the top of Cadair Idris, I felt how happy a man might be with a little money and a sane intellect, and reflected with astonishment and pity on the madness of the multitude."
"The philosophers write about things as they are and as they appear to be, but as an artist I find that appearance is everything."
One always has a choice.
"The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith."
"We seem to inhabit a universe made up of a small number of elements-particles-bits that swirl in chaotic clouds, occasionally clustering together in geometrically logical temporary configurations."
"Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free."
"Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas."
"if being is many, it must be both like and unlike, and this is impossible, for neither can the like be unlike, nor the unlike like"
The western mind makes definitions; it draws lines.
"Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason"
"Nature, it seems, is the popular name for milliards and milliards and milliards of particles playing their infinite game of billiards and billiards and billiards."
"Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves."
"What is this slow blue dream of living, and this fevered death by dreaming?"
This is precisely how someone speaks who imagines that he is the world's divinely appointed ruler: 'I will not LET them starve. I will not LET the drought come. I will not LET the river flood.
Reason may be employed to support faith as well as to destroy it.
"The pity of it was that this discovery, if such it was, now seemed so stale, so profitless to me. What good was it? What good did thinking ever do?"
"We live in a stocking which is in the process of being turned inside out, without our ever knowing for sure to what phase of the process our moment of consciousness corresponds."
"Standing in the middle between the idea of an event and the actual event, a strange kind of physical reality just in the middle between possibility and reality."
"The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment..."
...the only way to judge a philosophy is to examine the lives of those who live it.
Children are like sponges; they start to smell after a little while.
"Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish."
The summer's flower is to the summer sweet Though to itself it only live and die
"Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest."
"I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be man's guide in the foreseeable future; however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few."
"Make a spurious division of one process into two, forget that you have done it, and then puzzle for centuries as to how the two get together."
The method of 'postulating' what we want has many advantages ; they are the same as the advantages of theft over honest toil.
"Buffett does enjoy being a billionaire, but in offbeat ways. As he put it, though money cannot change your health or how many people love you, it lets you be in 'more interesting environments."
"€7,500, first-class, everything—and all that for 40 minutes selling them some old stuff."
"Whether divine or human, it is precisely the imagination that fashions and recognizes the universe as meaningful, abiding, and valuable, that is to say, as real."
Ethics is a dream.
One great function of the arts is to keep ideals alive in a culture that does not yet realize them.
The universe is a philosophical abyss.
God is a philosophical black hole – the point where reason breaks down.
"If you are told that such an one speaks ill of you, make no defence against what was said, but answer, He surely knew not my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these only!"
No woman in maternity confinement can have stranger and more impatient wishes than I have.
"All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing."
I wanted that future officer to weigh decisions with a supple mind and to be comfortable with nuance and uncertainty.
I feel tired. Or reckless. Or maybe brave.
"Death plucks my ear and says, 'Live—I am coming."
the problem with accepting things that are contradictory as possibly right is that you cannot possibly be thinking yourself when you do it.
"True victory, beloved, lies not just in the immediate conquest but in the wisdom to discern the long shadow it may cast."
"Nothing was ordinary, since nothing had ever happened to me."
"Whenever you do something holy, you're improving one of the gods?"
"If love knows no race, yet salvation is illustrated in white, then either God was monopolized, or the ink of scripture was tainted before it dried."
Those who wish to market their good deeds must do well to place their bad deeds on the shelve too.
"To judge a thing that has substance and solid worth is quite easy, to comprehend it is much harder, and to blend judgement and comprehension in a definitive description is the hardest thing of all."
"We are good to others only because we think that that is, or will be, good for us."
"You can pray and fight at the same time, Corporal. Especially if you learn how before things get rough. It’s important to have a philosophy of life . . . and of death."
"It is an ill wind that does not blow some good. For example, it is well to be born in a decadent age; for one may obtain a reputation for virtue at a bargain price."
Philosophy is a hallow bone with no flesh on it
"... for although people can be made worse off by all other gifts, correct reasoning alone can only be for the good."
Even if there is a small lie in the truth you telling. It will make the truth questionable.
"Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my constitution, the only wrong what is against it."
"If you know not how to die, never trouble yourself; Nature will in a moment fully and sufficiently instruct you; she will exactly do that business for you; take you no care for it."
"Imagination is not a talent of some men, but is health of every man."
"We are all two-faced beings, divided by the Force and fated for eternity to search out our hidden identities."
Religion is the perception of that power which constructs the greatness of the centuries out of the paltriness of the hours.
"For the reporters, the heroes of our time"
"Communication among citizens depends upon equality. At the same time, equality cannot be achieved without facts."
"Many little people, in little places, doing little things, can change the world."
A revelation leaps over the borders of the everyday. A life without revelation is no life at all. What you need to do is move from reason that ‘observes’ to reason that ‘acts’. That’s what critical.
"The most insulting aspect of insincere people is that while they're pretending to be something other than what they are, they're inherently positing a different reality to you."
"Any polis which is truly so called, and is not merely one in name, must devote itself to the end of encouraging goodness. Otherwise, political association sinks into a mere alliance."
You are the softness of the morning dew!
Your time is the most precious thing in this world.
"All the things we experience in life can be separated into two realms, the realm of the concept and the realm of the senses."
"If you want to fly, grow wings of faith."
Don’t you know it is your joy that makes the universe joyful?
No one can erase or steal those sweetest memories of love.
"While many explorers like to endure hardship by traveling to remote inhospitable parts of the world, I prefer to explore from the comfort of my own home."
Most often you don’t own your own mind; you borrow it from society.
"Man is timid and apologetic; he is no longer upright; he dares not say ""I think,"" ""I am,"" but quotes some saint or safe."
"Silence is nice to have if you wanted it, but maddening if you didn't."
"I long for the slightest evidence of it that doesn’t require me to relinquish reason, because a natural mystery and reason to face it make the happiest combination of all."
"In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts."
There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!
Bloom as if you want to make the whole world beautiful.
Whenever a soul leaves the body a void is felt across the world..
"Nothing' isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just... nothing."" Arya Stark"
Not all doors open in the same direction and with the same effort!
Appreciation has tremendous power. A beautiful thing is not beautiful until someone appreciates it.
It is not what we have that matters; what matters is what we give away with love.
I’d like to be the moon in your sky.
"If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty."
"...the greater objective (representative) perfection there is in our idea of a thing, the greater also must be the perfection of its cause."
"As commonly practiced, philosophy is the attempt to find good reasons for conventional beliefs."
"So that others can live in peace, talk about love and peace wherever you go."
No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.
"If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty."
Abundance is not the absence of scarcity; it is the presence of abundant mentality.
"Only in the love of those who do not serve a purpose, love begins to unfold."
"That which men call virtue is usually no more than a phantom formed by our passions, to which one gives an honest name in order to do with impunity whatever one wishes."
"For once, engulf, not air, but hope. For once, breathe on, a firm belief!"
Doors of opportunity are always open around you—you just have to find them.
"Learn from your past, use the possibilities of the present moment, and let the future open the doors of opportunity."
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.
The most boring and unproductive question one can ask of any religion is whether or not it is true.
"To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred."
"In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works."
"Stand in the divine rain, and seeds of wisdom will grow in your soul."
The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.
Each sunrise brings a new day filled with new hopes for a new beginning.
"Be in limits, life will never limit you."
"It’s an already inside outside, The philosophers say it’s the soul But it’s not the soul: it’s the animal or the man itself In its way of existing."
"Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light."
"Maybe I should have gone into politics. If you were a political activist, election season brought moments of intensity, whichever side you were on, and meanwhile here I was inarguably withering away,"
The living self has one purpose only: to come into its own fullness of being.
"If one knew the truth how could there be freedom? If hell and paradise were in the middle of the marketplace, everyone would be a saint."
"Writing is the spectrum through which the chaos of life can be seen, studied and understood."
"In short, philosophical theories are largely the product of the hidden hand of the cognitive unconscious."
"Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for."
A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.
"Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy."
"As far as I am concerned, philosophic questioning is just as likely to make you confused and depressed as it is to improve your condition."
We are the sum total of the decisions we have made.
Popular medicine and popular morality belong together and ought not to be evaluated so differently as they still are: both are the most dangerous pseudo-sciences.
You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top.
"Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all."
That’s the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person
"The lesson we are indebted to Egypt for, our future generations learned that in the face of oppression silence is never golden."
Sin is a gravitation.
"Democracy should always be viewed with a philosophical perspective rather than a political one, because after all democracy was born to a philosopher and murdered by a politician."
"Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality."
"In politics, the pen is at its heaviest because it is weighed down by the collective responsibility it holds towards its people and their future in the eyes of the world."
"Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!"
I prefer for 'my world' to have the highest certification of being a faithful representation of the exterior world.
A true philosopher must never give up.
"You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less"
The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time its certain.
#quote In the harshest conditions is when we know better the people around us. En las condiciones más duras es cuando conocemos mejor a las personas que nos rodean.
A novel is never anything but a philosophy expressed in images. And in a good novel the philosophy has disappeared into the images.
I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.
"Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how the spirit became a camel, the camel a lion, and the lion at last a child."
"Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality."
I speak gibberish to the civilized world and it replies in kind.
"Philosophy is the critically reflective, systematically articulated attempt to illumine our human experience in depth and set it in a vision of the whole."
"Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting."
"If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia?"
"Ah, ye brethren, that God whom I created was human work and human madness, like all the Gods!"
"So many other planets & stars -- could all those stars set over barren planets, beauty wasted? Or, are sunsets witnessed throughout the universe?"
"Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal."
"I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells."
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
"The present convergence of crises––in money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and more––is a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new."
"Part of being of a true existentialist is wanting to be what we make ourselves be by the way we choose to act, as opposed to making excuses for the way we act and regretting it."
It's harder to make the glass than break the glass.
"Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue."
What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
"A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed."
"If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above?"
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.
"Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic"
"She said, ""You're a warrior. So how do you kill without rage?"" ""In compassion. Because of necessity."" Hrahima set the empty water bowl back in Samarkar's hands. ""The same way you carry water."
If we thought more for ourselves we would have very many more bad books and very many more good ones.
Thank heaven for people who are satisfied with facts that conform to the reality they wish to believe.
Don’t reject something just because it seems strange. It’s comfort that will kill you in the end.
"To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...to beauty all is forgiven."
"The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!"
"Question everything, unless it's the answer"
"If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!"
...if we gained only one incontestable truth every ten years from each of our philosophical writers the harvest we reaped would be sufficient.
"My ship came in,then it sank!"
"If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it can live the life for which it was destined in the New World."
To all appearances he was just drifting. In actuality he was just drifting.
"The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance"
"For any given problem, if there's a simple solution it will already have been applied. So, perhaps, the solution isn't as simple as you think."
"If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil?"
Great understanding is broad and unhurried; little understanding is cramped and busy. Great words are clear and limpid; little words are shrill and quarrelsome.
"Sufficiently simple natural structures are predictable but uncontrollable, whereas sufficiently complex symbolic descriptions are controllable but unpredictable."
I have learned to be a friend to myself Great improvement this indeed Such a one can never be said to be alone for know that he who is a friend to himself is a friend to all mankind
"The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked."
"we are finite, in that we are a product and source of the infinite."
Believe me if you consult philosophy she will persuade you not to lit so long at your counting desk
The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense.
"Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways."" ~ Amunhotep El Bey"
"They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds."
A doctrine of expression rather than one of suppression makes a stronger appeal to man.
Empiricism teaches that there is a real world of fixed things on the outside and that ideas of these outside things are stamped on the mind which is at the beginning of life a blank.
"Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything]."
A poet is not an apostle; he drives out devils only by the power of the devil.
"I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decency's sake."
"Plato offers the amazing idea that contemplation of the way things really are is, in itself, a purifying process that can bring human beings into the only divinity there is."
"You and I are part of the colony of heaven. Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. We are on the earth, but not of the earth."
"How charming is divine Philosophy! Not harsh, and crabbed as dull fools suppose, But musical as is Apollo's lute, And a perpetual feast of nectar'd sweets, Where no crude surfet raigns."
"in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house & grounds)"
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string
It's a sad day for American Capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over central park.
It's better to have a million small religions with each one containing a great truth. Than one great religion containing a million small truths.
"To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it."
"If you believed in Christianity or Islam it was called 'faith', but if you believed in astrology or friday the thirteenth it was Superstition!"
"We belittle what we cannot bear. We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. The best way to secure one's own deception is to accuse others of deceit."
"Really, nobody was there?” I asked. “Well, nobody important,” he said, putting his glasses back on and blinking."
"When we sense something, it is due to the movement of atoms in space. When I see the moon it is because ""moon atoms"" penetrate my eye."
"I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused…. should go with :( or :)"
The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began.
Faith in Qur'anic revelation unveils all the possibilities that lie before the human intellect.
Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. Then any part you make will represent the whole if it's made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it.
The unity of scientific and spiritual knowledge is realized when each of the particular sciences is organically related to the supreme knowledge of al-tawhid.
"Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. Why speech, that short verbal journey from inside to outside can be excrutiating under certain circumstances is fascinating."
We chart delusions through collective agreement.
Good god it's great to be a Bull Mongoni!
"To the extent that in one's act of faith one participates in the truth through reason and heart, faith already implies a particular level of knowledge and of certainty."
"He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.’ ‘A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth,’ said the Savage promptly. ‘Quite so…"
"I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible."
"If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all."
"The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one."
"Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature. It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment."
"If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you; they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything."
Flow is the best of what happens when potential is activated by consciousness.
Mortals are odd creatures in that sense—flawed yet hopeful. One can study them through millennia and still get nowhere near full understanding of their nature.
Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.
"The philosophy of poetry must acknowledge that the poetic act has no past, at least no recent past, in which its preparation and appearance could be followed."
The best reaction to a paradox is to invent a genuinely new and deep idea.
"Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery."
Morality can provide at most only a severely limited and insufficient answer to the question of how a person should live.
"striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm."
"Historically, philosophy does not have an impressive track record of answering questions about natural world in a decisive manner."
"I have always thought that all philosophical debates are ultimately between the partisans of structure and the partisans of ""goo."
"Septimus has been working too hard"" - that was all she could say to her own mother. To love makes one solitary, she thought."
"Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold."
"The negotiations were simultaneously cerebral and physical, abstract and personal, something like a combination of chess and mountain climbing."
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?
The road ahead is long and there will be many setbacks. Success is not assured… but the price of failure has never been this high.
Rousseau identified reason as the disease for which it pretended to be the cure.
"You’re still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted. I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN)"
Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of life and endless possibilities of a world united.
"To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false."
"It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true."
There is only one religion - it is a way a man dies.
For Christians . . . an unreflective faith is not possible if we take seriously the injunction to love God with the mind as well as the heart and soul.
I am philosophical Christ; crucified on the cross of ignorance for the sake of divine vanity.
Those who do not welcome scrutiny have no intention of ever becoming more than nothing
To be human is to change
"Once we lose touch of our human curiosity, it becomes very difficult to ever build back an appreciation for the fact we actually know very little"
"In any interaction, indeed in life itself, our intentions – as in, our authentic purpose - is all that matters to anyone. Not our words. Our deeds."
"Home is wherever you can feel safe, loved, nurtured and wanted, yet not needed."
"She is a mother: she seeks no glory, yet her every act is heroic."
life is a sweet curse to souls
authenticity is the highest worship
you're responsible for everything you are connected with
Wit to a western ballad’s muse is but sleight of hand to a jester.
"The difference between you, and someone that’s smarter than you, are the things that you two disagree about"
"What a waste that so many who can think cannot speak, and so many who can speak cannot think, when, really, these two things ought to go hand in hand—or side by side, as they do in this book."
"Without one’s baser impulses and higher aspirations, a being can only stagnate, never taking action."
"The race for survival is like a gazelle fleeing a charging cheetah. To eat is to live; to escape is to live. In either outcome, nature writes tragedy in the name of balance."
"IT'S THE THINGS YOU BELIEVE WHICH MAKE YOU HUMAN. GOOD THINGS AND BAD THINGS, IT'S ALL THE SAME."
The power to name is the power to remake the world in your image for good or evil.
"We are drawn by the one who names. Because naming out loud invokes the essential interior life, our real life is being awakened."
Light is not a moral category but the substance of light itself.
Light is not a moral category but the substance of life itself.
Where boundaries are blurred change can occur.
Jesus embraces the irreducibility of parable; it cannot be simplified to argument or doctrine. It must be inhabited.
Clarity is necessary to understanding and understanding to belief.
"Anything can be believed just as anyone can be loved. For this reason, belief often appears to be madness."
Jesus knows that whoever has the power to name the world has the power to change it.
"Incandescence like love promises the fullness of meaning, a plentitude at once beyond meaning and, in rendering it irrelevant, the end of meaning."
To be obsessed with life is to be obsessed with death because Jesus' life is incomplete without death.
Philosophy has also helped me learn to love the world again.
"Lu-Tze had long considered that everything happens for a reason, except possibly football."
"The task of philosophy is not to invalidate reason, but to discover its contradictions and to demonstrate its limitations while preserving its immanence."
Philosophy is not synonymous with science; it is not even the science of essences; its function is to endow the spirit with a creative consciousness of the meaning of human existence.
A mind enslaved by pride will never drink from the well of understanding.
We praise or blame according to whether the one or the other offers a greater opportunity for our power of judgement to shine out.
He that humbleth himself wishes to be exalted.
"Anyone who has declared another to be an idiot, an unpleasent fellow, is annoyed if in the end he demonstrates that he is not one."
Regard for power implies disregard for those without power.
Law—our highest ideal and our basest nature.
"It is a matter of common experience that disorder will tend to increase if things are left to themselves... However, one can create order out of disorder[.]"
It is said that there is no such thing as a free lunch. But the universe is the ultimate free lunch.
The past is a foreign country. They do things differently there–but why is the past so different from the future?
It seems to me much better and less confusing if you admit in print that you were wrong.
"If we find the answer to that, it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason. For then we would know the mind of God."
"Everyone thinks their choices are right, but only a few admit they were wrong.” — Frank, Goodbye"
"Every person’s fate begins in the shadow of their family. But only a few choose to step beyond that shadow.” — Henning, Goodbye"
"What the skeptic mocks, the dreamer immortalizes."
"Here we sit on the edge of tomorrow, watching the dance between chaos and love, ready to step in, but we are shy to dance with either."
"There is a famous Cambridge toast that I have always liked: “God bless the higher mathematics, and may they never be of the slightest use to anybody”."
"To the river, the stone is an obstacle; to the stone, the river is erosion. Perspective births both truth and conflict."
Do not remove the blood from pages just add a punctation.
What I am going to say is not a dogma of faith but my own personal view: I like to think of hell as empty; I hope it is.
The biggest misconception about religion is that it brings peace.
The difference between science and religion is that one works for the betterment of society while the other only dreams of it.
God is a manifestation of an undeveloped mind.
"And in order to become God, one must first become evil."
Distrust of grammar is the first requisite for philosophizing.
"In the name of Jesus, they dehumanize Cruelly and easily, they victimize In the name of love, they only bring disease In the blood of the lamb, they glaze their hate"
"All greatness, all power, all subordination rests on the throne, and the throne on the cross."
I am the cause and effect of my problems.
One has to have a powerful imagination if one is to feel sympathy. So closely is morality tied to the quality of the intellect.
He who cannot betray himself has never met himself honestly.
"Of all freedoms, none is greater than the liberation of the mind."
Mental liberation is the highest form of freedom.
The worst act to oneself is self-hatred.
The path of the mystic is strewn with both rose petals and their thorns. You just gradually become more selective on where you place your feet.”.
"I can doubt that the world really exists, but I cannot doubt that I have intentional consciousness, since doubt is itself a form of conscious intention."
Why not hate everybody? he said. It's a good and sound philosophical position.
"We want the undiluted form of truth, when, upon hearing it, we would just dilute it again with our biased viewpoint."
Your being is defined in your way of reasoning!
Truth is the flawless diamond crushed into shape by the friction of our conflicting beliefs.
The world didn’t lie to me. I just believed it too beautifully.
"Intelligence doesn’t get you anywhere. I think…all it does, that knowledge, it just makes you awake to see the world for what it really is."
"What is it about people getting all philosophical, instead of just getting on with the basics of being happy?"
"A knife in the hands of a chef feeds a nation. In the hands of a tyrant, it spills blood. It’s not the tool—it’s the intent behind it."
"The poet’s task is this, my friend, to read his dreams and comprehend. The truest human fancy seems to be revealed to us in dreams: all poems and versification are but true dreams’ interpretation."
"Happy the family man who has such a corner, but woe to the bachelor!"
"If cooking professionally is about control, eating successfully should be about submission, about easily and without thinking giving yourself over to whatever dream they'd like you to share."
"I ought to be no more than a mirror, in which my reader can see his own thinking with all its deformities so that, helped in this way, he can put it right."
"All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust."
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.
"And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love."
Keep Going Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
"God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars."
"The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays."
"And still, after all this time, The sun never says to the earth, ""You owe Me."" Look what happens with A love like that, It lights the Whole Sky."
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Do not be afraid; our fate Cannot be taken from us; it is a gift.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
"You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty."
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
"None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have faith."
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.
"Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see."
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.
"I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice?"
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
"Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed. Because you've changed, by believing. Once you've changed, other things start to follow. Isn't that the way it works?"
"There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things."
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
"In this hour, I do not believe that any darkness will endure."
Doubt everything. Find your own light.
"This is what the past is for! Every experience God gives us, every person He puts in our lives is the perfect preparation for the future that only He can see."
I dont think that we're meant to understand it all the time. I think that sometimes we just have to have faith.
"There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it."
"To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float."
I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had no where else to go. My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls.
Some things have to be believed to be seen.
"Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe."
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
The Simple Path Silence is Prayer Prayer is Faith Faith is Love Love is Service The Fruit of Service is Peace
Love meant jumping off a cliff and trusting that a certain person would be there to catch you at the bottom.
"We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone."
"No, I would not want to live in a world without dragons, as I would not want to live in a world without magic, for that is a world without mystery, and that is a world without faith."
The most confused you will ever get is when you try to convince your heart and spirit of something your mind knows is a lie.
"The moment God is figured out with nice neat lines and definitions, we are no longer dealing with God."
Faith consists in believing what reason cannot.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.
"As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death."
Work without love is slavery.
I believe in intuitions and inspirations...I sometimes FEEL that I am right. I do not KNOW that I am.
My soul is in the sky.
"You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense."
"Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest."
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.
"To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible."
"You can't know, you can only believe - or not."
"God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one"
"Prejudice, a dirty word, and faith, a clean one, have something in common: they both begin where reason ends."
"No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope."
Define yourself radically as one beloved by God. This is the true self. Every other identity is illusion.
I know of no society in human history that ever suffered because its people became too desirous of evidence in support of their core beliefs.
Faith does not eliminate questions. But faith knows where to take them.
"Sometimes when you lose your way, you find YOURSELF."
"Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up"
We have a choice. We have two options as human beings. We have a choice between conversation and war. That's it. Conversation and violence. And faith is a conversation stopper.
"Faith is a place of mystery, where we find the courage to believe in what we cannot see and the strength to let go of our fear of uncertainty."
I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith.
"Realize that if a door closed, it’s because what was behind it wasn’t meant for you."
"It’s OKAY to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave."
Having faith in God did not mean sitting back and doing nothing. It meant believing you would find success if you did your best honestly and energetically.
"Because you believed I was capable of behaving decently, I did."
"Faith can be very very dangerous, and deliberately to implant it into the vulnerable mind of an innocent child is a grievous wrong."
"Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope."
"When God is going to do something wonderful, He or She always starts with a hardship; when God is going to do something amazing, He or She starts with an impossibility."
"My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me."
When someone you love says goodbye you can stare long and hard at the door they closed and forget to see all the doors God has open in front of you.
"Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into."
"Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters."
"When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh."
Just because you can explain it doesn't mean it's not still a miracle.
You cannot reason people out of a position that they did not reason themselves into.
"when we are powerless to do a thing, it is a great joy that we can come and step inside the ability of Jesus"
It is not the strength of your faith but the object of your faith that actually saves you.
It is difficult to make a man miserable while he feels worthy of himself and claims kindred to the great God who made him.
You have as much laughter as you have faith.
"There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow."
"In order to have faith in his own path, he does not need to prove that someone else's path is wrong."
The need for intimacy with the Creator never left us; it was embedded in our very nature.
"I am afraid that the schools will prove the very gates of hell, unless they diligently labor in explaining the Holy Scriptures and engraving them in the heart of the youth."
"If you live gladly to make others glad in God, your life will be hard, your risks will be high, and your joy will be full."
"God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress."
"Faith is not Desire. Faith is Will. Desires are things that need to be satisfied, whereas Will is a force. Will changes the space around us,..."
"I am not worried, Harry,"" said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. ""I am with you."
"When faith replaces doubt, when selfless service eliminates selfish striving, the power of God brings to pass His purposes."
Any faith that must be supported by the evidence of the senses is not real faith.
"There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds."
Succeeding in life is about having that onetime urgency to go for it.
"Throughout the process, you must show gratitude to those who have helped you get to where you are."
Faith is the gaze of a soul upon a saving God.
"And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing."
We live by faith and not by sight.
"Never give up on your friends. Never give up your faith in them. It's when everything is worse than you could ever imagine it could be, that you'll need your friends the most."
"When everything gets answered, it's fake."
"Day after day, day after day, We stuck, nor breath nor motion; As idle as a painted ship Upon a painted ocean."
"Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back."
"Extraordinary afflictions are not always the punishment of extraordinary sins, but sometimes the trial of extraordinary graces."
"In order to share one's true brilliance one initially has to risk looking like a fool: genius is like a wheel that spins so fast, it at first glance appears to be sitting still."
Sometimes it takes a wrong turn to get you to the right place.
Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck. Faith is the solvent that sets you free.
Disbelief is more resistant than faith because it is sustained by the senses.
"Head up, heart open. To better days!"
Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark.
"True love is taking the risk that it won't be a happily-ever-after. True love is joining hands with the man who loves you for who you are, and saying, ""I'm not afraid to believe in you."
"Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand."
The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.
"Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar."
"Love is happiness, but only when you believe it will last forever. Even though every time it turns out to be a lie, it’s only faith that gives love its strength and its joy."
We need to embrace deliverance in the body of Christ so that God’s people can receive their full inheritance and be free from the chains of the devil.
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.
"Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED."
"You're gonna have to serve somebody; well, it may be the devil, or it may be the Lord, but you're gonna have to serve somebody..."
"When oppressed and lost people see your supernatural life shining so bright, they are attracted! They are attracted to the Jesus in you."
The word I think of is precarious. I am struck by how precarious it all is. How the things that hold us are only as strong as the faith we have in them.
Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through.
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living.
In the beginning there was faith - which is childish; trust - which is vain; and illusion - which is dangerous.
Confidence in others' honesty is no light testimony of one's own integrity.
"Leap, and the net will appear."
"But for me the sweetest contact with God has no form. I close my eyes, look within, and enter a deep soft silence. The infinity of God's creation embraces me."
Go where your best prayers take you.
And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
A man who is intimate with God is not intimidated by man.
"Sometimes I think it is my mission to bring faith to the faithless, and doubt to the faithful."
"There are those who scoff at the schoolboy, calling him frivolous and shallow: Yet it was the schoolboy who said 'Faith is believing what you know ain't so'."
"Everyone is ready for the end of the day, ten-minute group meditation. The meditation is like the iciest beer you have ever had after a hard day’s work."
"We live in a culture that has, for centuries now, cultivated the idea that the skeptical person is always smarter than one who believes. You can almost be as stupid as a cabbage as long as you doubt."
Conscious faith is freedom. Emotional faith is slavery. Mechanical faith is foolishness.
"If there is a divine creator, some ultimate moral authority, then why do bad things happen to good people? And why would this deity create people at all, since people are such imperfect beings?"
"Shine your soul with the same egoless humility as the rainbow and no matter where you go in this world or the next, love will find you, attend you, and bless you."
"God never talks. But the devil keeps advertising, Father. The devil does a lot of commercials."
"Yeah. I’m an asshole. But I promise you, when the shit rolls downhill and you need someone with a shovel, I’m an asshole who can get the job done."
"Intellect is a part of a good faith. Intellect is the light, the heart is the direction."
Trust and faith bring joy to life and help relationships grow to their maximum potential.
"Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible."
I was there and I thought my faith was strong. Authoritarianism is lack of faith = Lack of faith is authoritarianism.
I could not believe in a God that would challenge faith like this.
"Never, ever stop believing in magic, no matter how old you get. Because if you keep looking long enough and don't give up, sooner or later you're going to find Mary Poppins."
It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.
Have faith have faith. When you have nothing else have faith.
"Believe to the end, even if all men went astray and you were left the only one faithful; bring your offering even then and praise God in your loneliness."
"I have one desire now - to live a life of reckless abandon for the Lord, putting all my energy and strength into it."
It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.
"If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it."
Many believers are missing freedom and abundant life because they’re standing beside God’s will but not in God’s will.
"Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action, rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith! Banish me from Eden when you will; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge!"
He who thinks half-heartedly will not believe in God; but he who really thinks has to believe in God.
"And God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work."
"Reason is in fact the path to faith, and faith takes over when reason can say no more."
I perceive God everywhere in His works. I sense Him in me; I see Him all around me.
That which can be destroyed by the truth should be.
I believe in my mask-- The man I made up is me I believe in my dance-- And my destiny
"Are you sure this will work?” asked Princess Sophie as she was pulling the cart away from Lady Ariana’s cottage. “If you believe, it will work,” said Lady Ariana."
What is belief—what is faith—if you don't continue it after failure?
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.
"Faith, the least exclusive club on Earth, has the craftiest doorman. Every time I've stepped through its wide-open doorway, I find myself stepping out on the street again."
"If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience."
"When we see a door closed very tight, God sees a window right in our sight."
Belief doesn't rest on proof or existence...it rests on faith...without faith there is nothing.
I must confess that I lost faith in the sanity of the world
It's our faith that activates the power of God.
"Life is doubt, And faith without doubt is nothing but death."
"She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved."
"Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)"
Even the merest gesture is holy if it is filled with faith.
she was completely whole and yet never fully complete
Faith is realizing that you always get what you need.
Just because you don't see something doesn't mean it isn't there. Some of the most wonderful things in the world are invisible. Trusting in invisible things makes them more powerful and wondrous.
Accidents. It's all about the accidents.
"But maybe it's what the world needs. A little less sense, and a little more faith."
"Anything less than true companionship with God leaves us feeling on the fringes, close but not close enough."
"Faith and science, I have learned, are two sides of the same coin, separated by an expanse so small, but wide enough that one side can't see the other. They don't know they are connected."
"Doubt is a question mark; faith is an exclamation point. The most compelling, believable, realistic stories have included them both."
Be willing to be a place where God can let His dreams for you grow.
"We are God’s art. We are God’s poem, created to display His beauty and goodness."
Soul health turns into whole health. Soul sickness turns into whole sickness.
"If you can see the invisible, God will do the impossible."
Sometimes it's easy to lose faith in people. And sometimes one act of kindness is all it takes to give you hope again.
A faith that cannot survive collision with the truth is not worth many regrets.
"No matter how many people believe or don’t believe in you, you must be the ultimate believer in yourself!"
The world offers you comfort. But you were not made for comfort. You were made for greatness
The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.
"It is one thing to pray, but another thing to watch how God answers - and He does so effortlessly."
True faith manifests itself through our actions.
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.
"Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place..."
"My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way"
"Loving another person is a wonderful thing, and if that love is sincere, no one ends up tossed into a labyrinth. You have to have more faith in yourself."
What you do matters — but not much. What you are matters tremendously.
We would not be able to impact future generations if family was not one of our top priorities.
Science adjusts its views based on what's observed Faith is the denial of observation so that belief can be preserved.
"When we are more aware of our sin than of the blood of Jesus Christ which removes our sin, relationship will remain superficial."
"For he who loves God without faith reflects on himself, while the person who loves God in faith reflects on God."
"The Lord delights in you, He is blessed by you, and when you feel the joy of His presence, you are tasting a bit of the joy He has in you."
"knowledge, absolutely sure of its infallibility, is faith"
"Aura, I'm really patient, but I'm not a bloody saint."
"Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back."
Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith. They keep it awake and moving.
Faith does not need to push the river because faith is able to trust that there is a river. The river is flowing. We are in it.
Profound joy of the heart is like a magnet that indicates the path of life.
Faith and Reason are like two wings of the human spirit by which is soars to the truth.
"Oh what a wonderful soul so bright inside you. Got power to heal the sun’s broken heart, power to restore the moon’s vision too."
"Man is manifestly not the measure of all things. This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name."
There are some places in life where you can only go alone. Embrace the beauty of your solo journey.
A few songs with Him might change the way you sing. Forever.
"Love- the infatuation kind- 'he's so handsome, she's so beautiful'- that can shrivel. As soon as something goes wrong, that kind of love can fly out the window."
History dressed up in the glow of love’s kiss turned grief into beauty.
The only thing that stands between a person and what they want in life is the will to try it and the faith to believe it is possible.
You are where you need to be. Just take a deep breath.
"There is no conclusive evidence of life after death, but there is no evidence of any sort against it. Soon enough you will know, so why fret about it?"
"All things are inconstant except the faith in the soul, which changes all things and fills their inconstancy with light."
"Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further."
"My deepest desire is to be so intimately acquainted with Him that when we finally meet one another face to face, He and I will not be strangers, no not us!"
"Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past."
"And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me"
"Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them."
"The life of faith is not a life of mounting up with wings, but a life of walking and not fainting."
"From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive"
At times one remains faithful to a cause only because its opponents do not cease to be insipid.
My idea of God is not a divine idea. It has to be shattered time after time. He shatters it Himself.
Faith is not so much something we believe; faith is something we live.
I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.
"It must be comforting, to have a faith like that. To believe so concretely that there’s someone—something— out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle."
"It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home."
"Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process."
We know enough at this moment to say that the God of Abraham is not only unworthy of the immensity of creation; he is unworthy even of man.
Faith strikes me as intellectual laziness.
God does not require that we be successful only that we be faithful.
"If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience."
He who has not God in himself cannot feel His absence.
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.
Belief creates the actual fact.
But to mean it when I say that I want my life to count for His glory is to drive a stake through the heart of self - a painful and determined dying to me that must be a part of every day I live.
"The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false."
Life is like butter - when things cool down it can be reshaped
God moves in mysterious ways His wonders to performs
faith is the art of holding on to things in spite of your changing moods and circumstances.
"Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced."
"Faith and love are apt to be spasmodic in the best minds. Men live the brink of mysteries and harmonies into which they never enter, and with their hands on the door-latch they die outside."
For me the most radical demand of Christian faith lies in summoning the courage to say yes to the present risenness of Jesus Christ.
God’s people must be free!
Faith in God includes Faith in God's timing.
"The more you go with the flow of life and surrender the outcome to God, and the less you seek constant clarity, the more you will find that fabulous things start to show up in your life."
"Adam understood, then, that Gansey and Blue’s awe changed this place. Ronan and Adam may have seen this place as magical, but Gansey and Blue’s wonder made it holy."
"Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.” ~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive"
There’s something really cool about knowing that your destiny is SO big that you’re not meant to share it with anyone. At least not yet.
"I can only say that I am nothing but a poor sinner, trusting in Christ alone for salvation."
"It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be."
"I love the recklessness of faith. First you leap, and then you grow wings."
"When you are down to nothing, God is up to somethng. It is up to you to reach out to find what God is up to for you."
"No matter how many times you failed or have fallen, no matter how many times you’ve denied God, He will not deny you."
Science tells me God must exist. My mind tells me I'll never understand God. My heart tells me I'm not meant to. [Vittoria Vetra]
"Does your love reach this far, God? And if it extends to heaven and beyond… why can’t it seem to find me?"
We're stronger than we think.
"The Christian should work as if all depended upon him, and pray as if it all depended upon God."
It is better to live ready than to get ready!
"That's how you avoid becoming a moth,"" he says. ""Stop asking others what to believe. Figure it out for yourself."
"Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond."
"They say faith is taking the first step when you can’t see the whole staircase. Actually, wisdom is seeing the elevator behind it that would have taken you to the top floor."
"No matter how hopeless I feel, there's always a little more hope inside me. No matter how faithless I think I am, there is always something to believe in."
We are not on this planet to ask forgiveness of our deities
You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
"To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see."
"Faith is a fine invention When gentlemen can see, But microscopes are prudent In an emergency."
What we are waiting for is not as important as what happens to us while we are waiting. Trust the process.
There had to be dark and muddy waters so that the sun could have something to background it's flashing glory.
What we call rational grounds for our beliefs are often extremely irrational attempts to justify our instincts.
My faith is big enough to accept all of God's wonders.
"Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: It comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur."
Faith doesn't mean that you never doubt. It only means that you never act upon your doubts.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
...history has shown that the most terrible crimes against love have been committed in the name of fanatically defended doctrines.
"At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it."
"You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil."
"But, he duly ate the peanut and whoosh!"
Small souls who seek power over others first destroy the faith those others might have in themselves.
God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.
...and when is enough proof enough?
"It’s called walking by faith, not sitting by faith"
Our hearts of stone become hearts of flesh when we learn where the outcast weeps.
"I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. (John 11:25-26)"
"Faith is not about finding meaning in the world, there may be no such thing -- faith is the belief in our capacity to create meaningful lives."
"Perhaps evil is the crucible of goodness... and perhaps even Satan - Satan, in spite of himself - somehow serves to work out the will of God."
"The soul hardly ever realizes it, but whether he is a believer or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God."
"We fall from womb to tomb, from one blackness and toward another, remembering little of the one and knowing nothing of the other ... except through faith."
"If you place [your bet] with God, you lose nothing, even if it turns out that God does not exist. But if you place it against God, and you are wrong and God does exist, you lose everything."
Love without hope will not survive. Love without faith changes nothing. Love gives power to hope and faith.
"To believe that what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man."
He who believes needs no explanation.
"When you aren't sincere you need to pretend, and by pretending you end up believing yourself; that's the basic principle of every faith."
"Faith is accepting what makes no sense, what we cannot prove, but know down deep in our souls is real."
"Unless you are willing to do the ridiculous, God will not do the miraculous. When you have God, you don’t have to know everything about it; you just do it."
"Faith is a cop-out. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can't be taken on its own merits. It is intellectual bankruptcy."
Do not ask directions from the people around you. Ask directions from the person who called you.
There is nothing foolish about hope.
"Without the voice of reason, every faith is its own curse."" (History Will Teach Us Nothing)"
Faith isn’t never having any doubts; it’s having what you need to overcome them.
"In Love's service, only wounded soldiers can serve."
"And what god do you serve, then?” “Whichever will grant me good fortune.” “I don’t think gods work that way.” “I don’t think I care."
"Much of what we called ""depression"" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for."
"Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof."
"Today is today, only today... tomorrow...it will only be yesterday."
"I'm only running forward, lighting up the dark within"
They will become Godly when they will have God in their hearts.
"For man's only weapon is courage that flinches not from the gates of Hell itself, and against such not even the legions of Hell can stand."
"Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith."
"There is a wisdom in children, a kind of knowing, a kind of believing, that we, as adults, do not have. There is a time when a kingdom needs its children."
You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.
A faith that hasn't been tested can't be trusted.
"If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting."
Our forgiving love toward men is the evidence of God's forgiving love in us. It is a necessary condition of the prayer of faith.
It seems to me some people just go around lookin' to get their faith unsettled. That has been the fashion for the last hundred years or so.
"In order that love be fully satisfied, It is necessary that It lower Itself and that It lower Itself to nothingness and transform this nothingness into fire."
Your faith will not fail while God sustains it; you are not strong enough to fall away while God is resolved to hold you.
Does trust have to be earned. Or is it simply a matter of faith?
"Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys."
"We tend to be preoccupied by our problems when we have a heightened sense of vulnerability and a diminished sense of power. Today, see each problem as an invitation to prayer."
"Your least favorite virtue, or nominee for the most overrated one? Faith. Closely followed—in view of the overall shortage of time—by patience."
"The faith is not the problem, Bernadette. The problem is the faithful."
I show my scars so that others know they can heal.
I'm a member and preacher to that church where the blind don't see and the lame don't walk and what's dead stays that way.
Words are thoughts encapsulated in sound vibrations. It’s not the vibration or frequency that gives a word complete power but the meaning perceived by another person for that word.
You start to live when you commit your life to cause higher than yourself. You must learn to depend on divine power for the fulfillment of a higher calling.
Sometimes you are in the middle of your destiny before you even know it has begun.
"It’s not miracles that generate faith, but faith that generates miracles"
"In all my travels, I've never seen a country's population more determined to forgive, and to build and succeed than in Rwanda."
Hearts rebuilt from hope resurrect dreams killed by hate.
True wisdom consists in two things: Knowledge of God and Knowledge of Self.
I am as sure as I live that nothing is so near to me as God. God is nearer to me than I am to myself; my existence depends on the nearness and the presence of God.
"The closer one approaches to God, the simpler one becomes."
What is waiting for us if we would simply let go of the seemingly safe ledge to which we are and dive into all God is and all He has for us?
"When Cindy’s crying slowed to convulsive gasps, she picked up Floppy and they got in bed and she looked at the picture of her and her father at Lake Barkley. “Good night, Daddy. I love you!"
"Faith is an organ of knowledge, and love an organ of experience."
The whole war between the atheist and the theist comes down to this: the atheist believes a 'what' created the universe; the theist believes a 'who' created the universe.
Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.
"To many people, free will is a license to rebel not against what is unjust or hard in life but against what is best for them and true."
Faith is believing in something you know isn't true.
There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.
"And for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor."
Love only fails when we fail to love.
"May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened"
"If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?"
That would require faith. I do not beliebe in faith. I believe it exists but I do not believe it works. I don't know what the rules are here; I can't risk throwing everything away on a long shot.
Let the world know what you live for...not what you fall for!
"I plead with you--never, ever give up on hope, never doubt, never tire, and never become discouraged. Be not afraid."
"There can only be two basic loves... the love of God unto the forgetfulness of self, or the love of self unto the forgetfulness and denial of God."
Faith is like love: it does not let itself be forced.
"What looks like politics, and imagines itself to be political, will one day unmask itself as a religious movement."
"Fatigue is here, in my body, in my legs and eyes. That is what gets you in the end. Faith is only a word, embroidered."
Being a hearer and a doer of the written Word (James 1:22) makes us able to handle more of the spoken word of God.
"If humor and rumor are needed more than faith and truth, then it tells me something about the kind of world we live today."
"If the Almighty directs our steps, we've no need to look back over our shoulders."
"Believe more deeply. Hold your face up to the light,even though for the moment you do not see."
"When something terrible happens, people respond to it in two ways. Either they lose their faith in God altogether, or they start believing in him even more."
All you have to go on is the faith of a kiss.
I believe in evolution in the sense that a short-tempered man is the successor of a crybaby.
A phenomenon often seen. A sceptic adhering to a believer; that is as simple as the law of the complementary colours. What we lack attracts us. Nobody loves the light like the blind man...
"God never said that we wouldn’t have unfair situations, that we wouldn’t experience loss. But He promised if we would stay in faith, He would restore everything that was stolen."
"Grandpa had made the Lord seem so real, I wouldn't of been surprised if he'd said good night to Him. But after a long pause he just said a-men."
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.
"If the Sun and Moon should ever doubt, they'd immediately go out."
"Since the moment of the Fall, God has never stopped searching us out."
A pure heart is superlatively rare and even more attractive.
But what really matters is not what you believe but the faith and conviction with which you believe…
My nature has always been to fight. My faith forces me to forgive.
"I told him I had once lost everything I had, too, and that I think that can be God’s way of building walls around us to force us to look up at Him."
"Since the beginning of time, spirituality and religion have been called to fill in the gaps that science did not understand."
When your only regret is if anyone thinks you regret anything - that is the definition of conviction.
Faith is not believing in my own unshakable belief. Faith is believing an unshakable God when everything in me trembles and quakes.
"Only inside can you do something about it, but outside, it’s impossible."
"The worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. That is what it would mean; starting a life with you, without Him."
Suffering provides the gym equipment on which my faith can be exercised.
"Allah tests our patience and our fortitude. He tests out strength of faith. be patient and there will endless rewards for you, insha'Allah"" - Utaz Badr"
there comes a time when you have to let go all the words all the teaching and trust the infinite
"Christian spirituality was not a children's story. It wasn't cute or neat. It was mystical and odd and clean, and it was reaching into dirty. There was wonder in it and enchantment."
"ALL ROADS LEAD TO ROME, BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE STILL THINK THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY TO GET THERE, THEIR OWN WAY, AND IF WE DIDN'T FOLLOW IT, WE WOULD ALL GET LOST."
"You're worth so much more than anything I can give you. If you can't believe that right now, believe in me."
"Tradition is the living faith of the dead, traditionalism is the dead faith of the living. And, I suppose I should add, it is traditionalism that gives tradition such a bad name."
True friends don't come with conditions.
You can’t confuse childlike faith with childish thinking.
I decided I would fill the emptiness in me with God and with paint.
"The Bible is the greatest of all books; to study it is the noblest of all pursuits; to understand it, the highest of all goals."
"I have always been a firm believer in God and the power of prayer, though to be honest, my faith has made for alist of questions I definitely want answered after I'm gone."
"Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love - but sometimes it was so hard to love."
Maybe that's why life is so precious. No rewind or fast forward...just patience and faith.
"With faith, there are no questions; without faith, there are no answers."
"For if there's no everlasting God, there's no such thing as virtue, and there's no need of it."
"Wings are like dreams. Before each flight, a bird takes a small jump, a leap of faith, believing that its wings will work. That jump can only be made with rock solid feet."
"Though wrong gratifies in the moment, good yields its gifts over a lifetime."
Find what you want. I will find you.
Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.
"I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in"
The man who has faith in logic is always cuckolded by reality.
"If you can remember why you started, then you will know why you must continue."
"Learning to let go is not giving up! It is simply passing the burden to a better fighter, so you can fight another day. (God)"
"The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others."
Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
"True devotion and humility is when you carelessly allow yourself to fall in love with things you consider will make you look inferior, which in essence, makes you superior."
Loss is only temporary when you believe in God!
Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.
"We can't believe what we believe to be untrue, and we can't love what we believe to be unreal."
Grace will follow us even when we are going the wrong way
The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.
Christianity is not about how much faith you have. Its about Who your faith is in.
Some people are angels sent to you by God at your weakest moments.
Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.
"Of course, in our train of thought, we would all like to think we're on the right track, or at least the same railroad company as the right track."
Never doubt God in the darkness what he has given us in the light.
"I'm only a tool, beloved. Not your Savior"
"On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgment and efforts to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur."
Common sense is no match for the voice of God.
"God will bring the right person into your life at the right time. Always believe that! If they are not there, God isn't finished yet!"
"For dear me, why abandon a belief Merely because it ceases to be true"
To learn a belief without the belief is to sing a song without the tune.
"Faith doesn't get you around problems in life and relationships, it gets you through it."
I think i should get love inked on my skin. Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.
Fear tries to get us to give up but faith takes us all the way through to victory
God is the ultimate judge of what is truly in our souls. But we are requiered to forgive everyone.
"And remember this most of all: when it is darkest, that is when you can see the stars most clearly."
Faith never stays put. It's always challenging always questioning. That's what makes it real.
"I say to myself: ""Who are you to measure infinite power?"
"God is so immense that if he were 'too visible,' people would give forced compliance without expressing their heart. So God made it possible, in enormous love, for us to live as if he were not there."
He is cured by faith who is sick of fate.
"The day you learn to be publically specific in your prayer, that is the day you will discover power."
"Faith, in its most correct form, never removes responsibility; it removes fear of responsibility. The results are complete opposites with the greater saying, 'God's will is my delight."
"Science only goes so far, then comes God. - Noah Calhoun-"
"He must trust, and he must have faith. And so he builds, because what is building, and rebuilding and rebuilding again, but an act of faith?"
"All was in God's plan, and he had to accept even as he didn't understand."
"faith gaped at him""how the hell did you do this?"" He looked at her as if she'd asked the dumbest question in history. ""I'm brilliant."
The measure of your faith is the measure of the pain you can endure.
"Their lives were violent, precarious, fragile, but they fought for them anyway, and held to the hope that their brief stay on this earth might count for something. That faith was worth preserving."
"Faith means I chose not to know, which is different than ignorance which refuses to know."
Faith can move mountains. So why are you stumbling on a little rock?
Sometimes God has to destroy in order to save. He has to wound in order to heal.
Put your heart and soul into whatever you do – but you won’t be able to do so until you have complete faith in whatever you are doing.
"If it be well weighed, to say that a man lieth, is as much to say, as that he is brave towards God and a coward towards men."
"Ivy shrugs. “Poisoning is the Marauders’ way. No offense, but feel free to take some."
"We pray for the big things and forget to give thanks for the ordinary, small (and yet really not small) gifts."
God has been there with us every step of the way.
"As the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom, so the denial of God is the height of foolishness."
"Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become."
It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.
"Faith is the cure that heals all troubles. Without faith there is no hope and no love. Faith comes before hope, and before love. (Sheikh Muhammad ibn Zaidi bani Tihama)"
For I think belief in God is not a matter of reason at all; I think it finally is a matter of love.
"Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on."
"Faith is not something that goes against the evidence, it goes beyond it. The evidence is saying to us, 'There is another country. There is something beyond mere reason'."
In seven days God had created the Earth. In a single day mankind had turned it upside down.
All religions are man-made; God has not yet revealed himself beyond doubt to anybody.
Bombs have kill-radiuses; churches should have love-radiuses--anyone within twenty miles of a church should know it.
Break my heart for what breaks yours Everything I am for Your Kingdom's cause As I walk from earth into eternity
"Even if things aren't going the way we want right now, we will always get through it."
"And if there is no god? You act as if there is, and it's the same thing."
"God seemed to have become a brand, a packaging, and people purchase this trusted brand with such faith and devotion that they no longer care who the vendor is."
He will never let her go. Never. she belongs to him..Forever.
"There was no way to abandon guilt, no decent way to disown it. All the tangles and knots of bitterness and desperation and fear had to be pitied. No, better, grace had to fall over them."
"It isn't for the moment you are struck that you need courage, but for that long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security."
Beware the religion that turns you against another one. It's unlikely that it's really religion at all.
"There are 6 reasons that a person does anything: Love, faith, greed, boredom, fear... revenge."
"While you are going through your trial, you can recall your past victories and count the blessings that you do have with a sure hope of greater ones to allow if you are faithful."
Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.
"Da used to say that lies were easy, but trust was hard. Trust is like faith: it can turn people into believers, but every time it's lost, trust becomes harder and harder to win back."
"Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set."
"When Lincoln was asked if God was on the Union’s side, Lincoln’s unvarying response was that what was really important was whether they were on God’s side."
"Some acts of faith, I believe, have the power to grant us something infinitely wiser than we imagine"
"Faith, Princess,"" the Prism Cat repeated. ""It is a highly underrated weapon against the dark things in this world."
"He has no need for faith who knows the uncreated, who has cut off rebirth, who has destroyed any opportunity for good or evil, and cast away all desire. He is indeed the ultimate man."
"Maybe it's not about how long you've lived, or having the ability to hope, even when things seem hopeless. Maybe it's just about how much faith you have."
"Each moment of worry, anxiety or stress represents lack of faith in miracles, for they never cease."
"Honey, nobody ever knows someone completely. You have to just enjoy what you do know and have faith in the rest."
"But everything I have to give, I'll give to you"
To fear is to have more faith in your antagonist than in Christ.
"In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie."
"Spiritual pain is when you can’t stand another moment not knowing the real truth, and when you finally do know you can’t let go."
"S'il n'existait pas Dieu il faudrait l'inventer."" (If God did not exist he would have to be invented.)"
You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.
"Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom."
"On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgement and effort to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur."
"We can follow a steady upward course in a world of change without fear, welcoming opportunities"
Faith is simply whatever is real to us.
Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.
~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~
"Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated."
"Do not come into agreement with fear. Activate your faith, live in victory, speak over your life and expect great things to come your way."
"To love God with all our heart, soul, and mind, and our neighbor as ourself."
"Your faith was strong, but you needed proof..."
One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!
I couldn't care less about evidence and proof and assurances. I just want God. I want God inside me. I want God to play in my bloodstream the way sunlight amuses itself on water.
"I see it in your eyes as I see it in hers. Remember, there is always light where there is love and if that is what is meant to happen between the two of you, then it was destined."
"Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness."
because it seemed too simple to accept that life was an act of faith.
"There is no one true church, no one chosen people."
"Remember, an easy question can have an easy answer. But a hard question must have a hard answer. And for the hardest questions of all, there may be no answer - except faith."
"Really, there was only one sensible thing to do. Stay the course. Pray it through, day by day, minute by minute. The Lord had an answer and it would surely come. (p. 203)"
We need faith and the mind of the Lord Jesus to recognize something of lasting value in even our most ordinary tasks.
"The lust of the flesh directs these desires [of personal union], however, to satisfaction of the body, often at the cost of a real and full communion of persons."
Always carry champagne! In victory You deserve it & in defeat You need it!
"It was by faith, nothing wavering, that Joseph saw God our Eternal Father and Jesus Christ, His Son."
Faith in God will elevate you to next level blessings.
Each mind conceives god in its own way. There may be as many variation of the god figure as there are people in the world
What is false about hope?
Never stop believing that your dreams are eternal.
"that willing suspension of disbelief for the moment, which constitutes poetic faith"
I'm always talking to God about whether or not he exists - that's how I know I'm a theist.
"There is a goodness in the world that got me through, that taught me it's important to know who you are."
There is never a moment when God is not in control. Relax! He’s got you covered.
We were as Hansel and Gretel and we ventured out into the black forest of the world.
This world’s anguish is no different from the love we insist on holding back.
What was the opposite of linkage blindness? What described being certain of something without any kind of evidence? ...The term was faith.
Faith requires following the power of a whisper.
"Just above our terror, the stars painted this story in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy."
"You asked the Holy Spirit for a miracle, and now that you’ve got one you’re trying to argue it away. People who don’t believe in miracles shouldn’t pray for them."
It is certain that an atom of goodness on the path of faith is never lost.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
"This day is not a sieve, losing time. With each passing minute, each passing year, there's this deepening awareness that I am filling, gaining time. We stand on the brink of eternity."
"While fear depletes power, faith gives wings for the soul’s elevation."
"When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!"
"Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could."
I guarantee you that after you die you will not say 'I spent too much time praying; I wish I had watched more TV instead.
The single most important piece of advice about prayer is one word: Begin!
Forgiveness without understanding is like faith without proof.
God's plan for your life is happening right now. It doesn't begin when you get married or when you get your dream job or when everything feels perfect. You are IN the plan. - TLC's friend Kris (p.159)
"Hope and faith underlie a promise, and love energizes men to realize it."
"Without struggle, success has no value."
The language of light can only be decoded by the heart.
You can’t give somebody faith. They either got it or they don’t.
"Awakening to faith is not a one-time event, but a continuously unfolding reality. The journey of faith is not a race, but a marathon of love that each person walks at a different pace."
"He that hath the steerage of my course, Direct my sail."
But I don't know how to fight. All I know how to do is stay alive.
Faith to me is trusting in every evidence that something is
"The Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, said, When Allah loves a people, He tries them."
"There is nothing anti-intellectual in the leap of faith, for faith is not believing without proof but trusting without reservation."
Perhaps true faith is a form of insanity.
"We try too much and trust too little. Count the times God's Book tells us to ""try."" Now count the times it tells us to ""trust."
"Your mind can go ahead and imagine what it wants to imagine, but a true friend will always remain true, in spite of the false messages running through your mind."
"I have been a skeptic all my life, and it took me a long time to affirm the Seed of Christ through actual experience. Like scientists, I ultimately trust experience…."
"As the essence of courage is to stake one's life on a possibility, so the essence of faith is to believe the possibility exists."
Today is the day you have to start believing in yourself. No one can do it for you anymore.
"A conscious human is driven by their conscience, not popular opinion."
"Faith is a luxury for those who are able to ignore what the rest of us must see every day. Pessimism, distrust, and irony are the holy trinity of my religion, irony in particular."
"Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need"
those who have loved are those that have found God
"Your body - every body is a marvel. A wonder of creation. [...] The day your first opened your eyes, Anna, God asked just one thing: that you live."
"Stone, steel, dominions pass, Faith too, no wonder; So leave alone the grass That I am under."
Christian hands never clasp and He doesn't give gifts for gain because a gift can never stop being a gift - it is always meant to be given.
How do we remain faithful to our own spiritual imagination and not betray what we know in our own bodies? The world is holy. We are holy. All life is holy.
"Shoulders are from God, and burdens too."
"Come Judgment Day, we may find that Mumbo Jumbo the God of the Congo was the Big Boss all along."
"Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder. Another is Deity. The choice to be a fool is yours."
"Men cannot expect to do ill and fare well, but to find that done to them which they did to others."
"Dusty, dark, cold, and hard, coal has no beauty of its own, but when it is consummated by fire it is beautiful and becomes what it was designed to be."
"The sun is still there... even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again."
"As goes the family, so goes the faith; as goes the faith, so goes the culture."
"If we could summarize all, or almost all, of the New Testament letters, we would not be too far off the mark to say the theme is: “Grow up!” Just grow up."
"sometime life is full of joy,and sometime life is full of pain and tears but we have to defeat it"
It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.
Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.
"Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world."
That was the last cruel irony of Tobias’s life: that he doomed the woman he would have died to save.
"The truth is, the Devil's job is easy."
"God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first."
"Nothing but prayer can make saints because nothing but God can make saints, and we meet God in prayer. Prayer is the hospital for souls where we meet Doctor God."
I Am ! Two powerful words.... You must confess... I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.
Nothing will get you into trouble so deep or as sad as faith.
We do know that no person can be saved except through Christ. We do not know that only those who know Him can be saved by Him.
Have faith in the Yankees my son. Think of the great DiMaggio.
Frantic orthodoxy is never rooted in faith but in doubt. It is when we are unsure that we are doubly sure.
"Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!"
"I accept the Organic Trinity of Mineral, Vegetable, and Animal with as much authority as I accept the Holy Trinity. Both are sacred."
"Let us keep in mind that we do not have to go to the scriptures inorder to approach God. We do not have to find the right scripture inorder to talk to God""."
"Pure heart, pure soul."
"I have no horror of death, and place no value on any god. Cease therefore. For I come ready to die; and first I bring you these gifts. (Mezentius)"
Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…
"I think this is what we all want to hear: that we are not alone in hitting the bottom, and that it is possible to come out of that place courageous, beautiful, and strong."
Focus on faith and grow your roots strong and deep so no one can make you believe in something that is not good for your soul.
Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.
Heaven is a place where all the dogs you've ever loved come to greet you.
When you trust your inner guidance and begin moving in the direction of your dreams (aligned with your individual gifts) you will be cloaked in an armor bestowed upon you by your guardian angel.
"With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement."
"Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune."
"You can do anything you want to do, if you want to do it bad enough."
What are you planting today to harvest tomorrow?
Try again; you have millions of alternatives. Fill yourself with the bullets of hope and you will kill failure with one shot.
"Make rules and follow rules as needed, but don't focus on riles. Focus on faith. Focus on grace. Focus on Jesus."
Grace saved my life; it can revolutionize yours.
Destroy what you have become and become what you did destroy/
"God is perceived by the heart, not by your reason. But what is reason? Your heart simplifying God’s guidance to fit your own needs."
"Like a lot of once devout people who have lost their faith, I had holes the size of heaven and hell in my head and in my heart."
"Always listen to your conscience. If your conscience conflicts with your faith, question everything."
"God is my only leader. Truth is my only sword. Guided only by my conscience, I am a true citizen of the world."
Souls reconstructed with faith transform agony into peace.
In silence the three of them looked at the sunset and thought about God.
Glory be to Him who changes others and remains Himself unchanged!
Faith is only as good as the one in whom it's invested.
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved.
"Take God at His Word – because winning the battle doesn't require physical brawn, but spiritual brains!"
"Faith isn't absence of doubt. It's belief without proof, not without question."
"The purpose that you wish to find in life, like a cure you seek, is not going to fall from the sky. ...I believe purpose is something for which one is responsible; it's not just divinely assigned."
You develop faith by doing things that require faith.
Lincoln grew immeasurably as he came to think of himself as an “instrument of God’s will.
"My righteousness is just as good as Jesus' righteousness, because it IS Jesus' righteousness!"
Each day is a gift To embrace and welcome
"Commonly men will only be brave as their fathers were brave, or timid."
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.
Of course the cat will growl and spit at the operator and bite him if she can. But the real question is whether he is a vet or a vivisector.
"...those who break the law should be loved more and not less for their sin, for if we do not forgive then is sin added to sin and the end is death."
"Real faith comes when you facing a problem you can't help, you can't change, and you can't work it out"
We are called to service in the kingdom of God. The Christian life is not about what you claim. It is about what you believe. True belief cannot be separated from what we do.
Have faith in your beliefs
The earth is but one country and mankind its citizens
"Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too.""--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam"
"A faith that does not result in activity of any kind is a dead faith; it is empty, worthless, insincere."
"Atheists are my brothers and sisters of a different faith, and every word they speak speaks of faith. Like me, they go as far as the legs of reason will carry them -- and then they leap."
"Faith as the state of being ultimately concerned implies love, namely, the desire and urge toward the reunion of the seperated."
When you’re outnumbered by trees your perspective shifts.
We will experience the life we have the faith to experience.
Could a body broken and blood spilled two thousand years ago restore my own damaged life?
Everything we do for God will be the overflow of intimacy with God.
It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all
"Sometimes, the scariest thing you will ever have to do is trust God to fight the battles you can no longer fight."
"Believe, my child. Faith is the food of survival."
"Peace is a place of unhindered enjoyment of friendship beyond guilt, suspicion, blame of inferiority"
Any profession of faith…entrusts the mind and heart to a truth that cannot be proven but can be lived.
"Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought."
Promise has faith as premise. Only men of faith can promise.
"Faith is secured by adversity, but endangered by security."
"There comes a point in our lives when we must decide for ourselves. Will we surrender to the God of the universe and place our trust in Him as our God, or will we fight against Him?"
"Regardless of your faith, you can never escape uncertainty."
"Reading about the response of people in stories, plays, poems, helps us to respond more courageously and openly at our own moments of turning."
"Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you."
"Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it."
"You have to go head, even if no one goes with you."
Don't settle for anyone just to have a someone. Be patient. Have faith and wait for the right one.
"In the end, only God can see the heart of an individual and distinguish the difference between legalistic deadweight and the passion of holy solemnity."
To the knights of faith nobody believes.
She fixed a smile that she hoped looked authentic. Pretending to be content continued to be hard work.
"Very few castaways can claim to have survived so long at sea as Mr. Patel, and none in the company of an adult Bengal tiger."
I can only imagine how happy life would be if we could stay so grounded in our faith that we would never waver in our positive attitudes.
"The more I read arguments for atheism, the more I am convinced it takes a very strong faith to be an atheist. And atheism seems to me the least reasonable of all faiths."
"In the woods, we return to reason and faith. There I feel that nothing can befall me in life, — no disgrace, no calamity, (leaving me my eyes,) which nature cannot repair."
"Never think twice, when you have decided once."
He who stands by his heart has God in him. Our conscience is what unites us with God.
"To love without ownership, to love with total trust and faith in that very love, to love with the same faith you have that your heart will keep beating moments from now, that is the ultimate love."
"By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox."
"As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us."
Every worldview has to bring together reason and faith.
Many of the most powerful things in life are not tangible. All it takes is for you to close your eyes to see.
"We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past."
"Faithfulness imparts God's reason for all circumstances. No matter what the world says, losing is no longer an option."
"The risk is too great. A man cannot place too much faith in any one thing, neither a woman, nor a horse, nor a weapon, nor any single thing."
"Follow the evidence to where it leads, even if the conclusion is uncomfortable."
Doing what is right to GOD gives you peace not regret
"Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life."
When has faith ever been about feelings?
"Life is full of change, honey. That's how we learn and grow. When we're born, the Good Lord gives each of us a Life book. Chapter by chapter, we live and learn."
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
I ate some emotional soup in my childhood and have spent a lifetime trying to digest it.
"I do not know the answers to life's hard questions, but I do know the One who knows them and that's sufficient...for now."
It takes faith to follow your dreams and courage to reach them.
I have found more inspiration in the cottages of fishermen than in the palaces of the rich.
"You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows"
"Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up."
Why can we throw a question further than we can pull in an answer?
"To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another."
Logic kills. Faith burns. Better to be the one with the torch than the one on the pyre.
When Hope disappears ~ Faith steps in...
We must be careful more than ever what we let our hearts believe in.
"You have to believe what you're saying if you're going to convince me. I just can't break that rule, even if I want to."
Perchance you who pronounce my sentence are in greater fear than I who receive it.
"In the Bible, the opposite of Sin, with a capital 'S,' is not virtue - it's faith: faith in a God who draws all to himself in his resurrection."
"Having one king, one god, one belief, they can act single-mindedly."
"(About changing faith) At our best, Christians embrace it, leaving enough space within orthodoxy for God to surprise us every now and then."
"Man’s glory lies not, Lincoln thought, in ‘his goodness,’ for this is often nonexistent. He derives glory, instead, from his being made in the image of the Living God."
"Faith is not a feeling, she says. It's a set of actions. By taking the actions, you demonstrate more faith than somebody who actually has experienced the rewards of prayer and so feels hope."
"In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…"
"Faith is always supposed to make it harder, not easier, to ignore the plight of our sisters and brothers. (p. 165)"
...for liberty is an acknowledgment of faith in God and His works.
God is writing His story on the pages of our lives.
just show a little humility. If you know your weaknesses you will not be enslaved by them.
We believe that faith is the cure that heals all troubles.
The only sweeter than union is reunion.
My purpose is: What Lord? Where Lord? When Lord? Yes Lord!
When in darkness....strike a match
"As far as God goes, I _am_ a nonbeliever. Still am. But when it comes to a devil---well, that's something else."
"Faith is a marvel, and yet no human being is excluded from it; for that in which all human life is united is passion, and faith is a passion."
Its as if you think you'd never find Reason and the Sacred intertwined
That faith be analyzable does not necessarily imply a method for getting by without it. . . .
"If you can admit that you haven't yet understood everything, faith can fill the emptiness in heart to confront the hesitation."
Some are professors and others are possessors.
"Faith doesn't have to be much. Not any bigger than a mustard seed... That small. Only that much faith you'll need in me, God says, because I am so big. I am the Great I Am. So have faith in me."
The greatest hindrance to growth in faith is comfortable living.
"People have a hunger to experience the spectacular, but the Lord is supernatural."
"Anti-intellectualism remains strongly entrenched in many parts of the church, but it is grounded in fear, not in faith. (p. 19)"
Always think of what you have to do as easy and it will become so.
"As I ponder my pilgrim’s progress to Orthodoxy, however, I realize that I didn’t make the trip alone, but in a two-seater. And I wasn’t the one driving."
I prefer a world with many beliefs and religions. It stimulates my faith to keep growing day by day.
"Niels Bohr wrote, ‘The opposite of a true statement is a false statement, but the opposite of a profound truth can be another profound truth."
It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.
"Faith is not like a raincoat, only to be worn on drizzly days."
"There are many faiths, but the spirit is one — in me, and in you, and in him. So that if everyone believes himself, all will be united; everyone be himself and all will be as one."
Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.
"If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation."
Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.
"On the Day of Judgment , life and death are not determined by the world but by God's wisdom and law"
"With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity."
May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.
"A complete atheist stands on the next-to-last upper step to the most complete faith (he may or may not take that step), while the indifferent one has no faith, apart from a bad fear."
"Wherever you are, you can pray."
"it is not what happens to you, it is what happens in you."
I don't need to believe. I know (God exists).
"In any situation, there is a sacred-solution."
Faith is for sissies who daren't go and look for themselves. That’s my basic position. Magic is based upon gnosis. Direct knowledge.
I don't believe in your God. And he sure as hell doesn't believe in me.
"To hide is our insecurities telling God that what we fear is bigger than Who He is. And in this case, maybe we should shoot the messenger."
What is not yet known those blinded by bad faith can never learn.
"Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists."
"Faith has won it! Fear has lost it! When you get full of faith, the devil gets filled with fear! Keep your faith in light every day and you will keep the devil in fright always!"
"Keep the faith. The vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions."
"In the desert, the only god is a well."
Sometimes we can focus so much on nothing that we make it a big something of nothing
"Pious people spoke to God, and crazy people imagined that God spoke back."
"When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures."
"The religionist is a living fossil, embedded in that rock called faith."
"Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way."
"All I know is that the closer I get to God, the deeper I get into the Bible, and the heavier the burden seems on my shoulders."
Proverbs 9:10 The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
"Faith is a process of leaping into the abyss not on the basis of any certainty about where we shall land, but rather on the belief that we shall land."
"She had walked to the brink, abandoning all belief, and just before the bitter end, she was pulled from the abyss by faith."
"Faith is the choice of the nobler hypothesis.' Not the noblest, one never knows what that is. But the nobler, the best one can see when the choice is made."
"Google, Facebook helps people than people helps people, in today's world"
"... challenge the church to do better, be more of who Christ wants us to be ..."
Faith was the excuse you used if you didn't have a good argument.
"No matter how hard it is, or how hard it gets, don't ever, ever, ever lose hope!"
He is the light in my life and the rock beneath my feet. (Referring to the Lord Jesus)
"In essence, we are deeper than being; we are character, which contains the conscious forces of love, justice, kindness, faith, and forgiveness."
They all believed in him because of the authenticity of his musical talent and his faith in it.
"When comprehending how different people truly are, you also comprehend the absolute necessity of some divine authority."
A man has to have something he can put faith in. Can't you see that? What I want is someone that will love me; she would have me and I her. Otherwise a man may just go hang himself
"There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear..."" he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, ""Revenge."
"God tests, but he does not tempt."
"God, I am trying to recover my faith. Please don't abandon me in the middle of this adventure, I prayed, pushing my fears aside."
"Two natures beat within my breast The one is foul, the one is blessed The one I love, the one I hate. The one I feed will dominate. -Anonymous"
Logic cannot comprehend love; so much the worse for logic.
Sometimes new opportunity means new opposition. Not everything God asks us to do will be comfortable.
Faith is stepping out into the unknown with nothing to guide us but a hand just beyond our grasp.
Love and respect all people. Hate and destroy all faith.
I started having doubts right on top of my certainty.
"The more you delve into science, the more it appears to rely on faith."
Faith is stronger than so-called reason.
"Comparing yourself to others does nothing for you. Society has conditioned us to value people who fit a secular mold of perfection""."
There are no atheists in the foxhole.
Little faith sees God's hand in great things. Established faith sees God's hand in little things.
Give up isn't going to help Keep going on will help
"Addressing the concept of man made additions to the faith - “These additions- standards, practices, and allegiances supposedly created for our spiritual beneﬁt- have had the opposite effect."
It seems we are all too vulnerable to having our heart lead us astray from what is right
Just because you can't see something doesn't mean it's not there.
It's because we have little faith that we look within instead of without.
Every Christian should be both conservative and radical; conservative in preserving the faith and radical in applying it.
Stories are verbal acts of hospitality.
Our duty is found in the revealed will of God in the Scriptures. Our trust must be in the sovereign will of God as He works in the ordinary circumstances of our daily lives for our good and His glory.
"Prayer [is] the quiet, persistent living of our life of desire and faith in the presence of our God."
The back door of every tomb opens on a hilltop.
"I see now that my faith was becoming an ally rather than an enemy because I could vent anger freely, even toward God, without fearing retribution."
The beauty of Catholicism is every human being's right.
"Everything depends on One Word : ""Maktub"" !"
"Fidelity is a living, breathing entity. On wobbly footing, it can wander, becoming something different entirely."
I look for a sign. Where to go next. you never know when you'll get one. Even the most faithless among us are waiting to be proven wrong.
Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.
"Surprisingly, the Christian faith today is perceived as disconnected from the supernatural world – a dimension that the vast majority of outsiders believe can be accessed and influenced."
Faith without a measure of doubt ain't worth a brass farthin'.
The only truth was whatever you could make someone believe.
It is not as a child that I believe and confess Jesus Christ. My hosanna is born of a furnace of doubt.
"Unless there is within us that which is above us, we shall soon yield to that which is about us."
Faith is not knowledge of an object but communion with it.
Men will trust in God no further than they know Him; and they cannot be in the exercise of faith in Him one ace further than they have a sight of His fulness and faithfulness in exercise.
"Faith may want answers, but somehow it is able to survive without them."
The only real fall of man is his noneucharistic life in a noneucharistic world.
"To make a man a saint, it must indeed be by grace; and whoever doubts this does not know what a saint is, or a man."
Perhaps it is our obligation to be noble before it is our obligation to be happy.
Waiting is an exercise of faith that demonstrates the condition of our hearts. Waiting on God is an act of faith. And faith is what separates the men from the boys.
Some things have to be believed to be seen
Faith reveals the potential.
Please don't take my wings...
"A faith to live by, a self to live with, and a purpose to live for."
Great faith overcomes laws of nature that govern physical world.
"We are not to be occupied with our feelings or symptoms, or our faith or lack of faith, but only with what God has said"
"The top 10% of the people who are most creative, constructive and thoughtful, do not have much to do with churches. To them the canons of reason come first, making faith secondary and questionable."
Why then should witless man so much misweene That nothing is but that which he hath seene?
"Dignity, and even holiness too, sometimes, are more questions of coat and waistcoat than some people imagine."
Nothing will unfold for us unless we move toward what looks to us like nothing: faith is a cascade.
We have not reached the consensus that to eat is a basic human right. This is an ethical crisis. This is a crisis of faith.
"You just don't have faith!"" Frank repeated. ""Well I hope I never get it! It's like being hit by a hammer in the head!"
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in human beings.
"There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion, but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower."
Doubter wants proof which contributes nothing to her faith.
"If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same."
What is the basic difference between saying 'I know that God exists' and saying 'I know that love exists'?
...he felt God the same way arthritic monks felt rain coming in their joints. He felt only a hint of him.
"The question is not, who uses faith and who uses reason? Everyone uses both. The question instead should be, who has the most reasonable faith?"
God blesses to the degree in which you believe.
"Instead of giving a firm foundation for setting the conscience of man at rest forever, Thou didst choose all that is exceptional, vague and enigmatic."
Just think of what would have happened to poor old Naaman if he had decided to dunk himself only once?
"Judged by the normal standards of human affairs, the lives of men and women of God may look overburdened with suffering, and even inconclusive."
Answers based in truth are the foundation of wisdom.
"With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen."
I have lost the consolation of faith/ though not the ambition to worship
"The unbeliever has always such a very clear idea as to what Belief ought to be, I wish I had half his certainty."
"[E]verything is always in relationship. In fact, you could almost say that everything is made of relationship, in a sense."
It makes no difference whether the appeal is to numbers or to one. The faith that stands on authority is not faith.
"...while God's plan is straight, the path to achieving it is twisted."
Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.
"If you want something, work for it. Prayer is super-fantstic, faith is 'mwah'! But work is necessary and important. So work for what you want."
A religiously minded kid will often be good at lying awake all night because you need an imagination if you're going to believe.
"Above all, trust in the slow work of God."
Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.
You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.
"True love asks no questions, makes no reservations, but puts itself unconditionally into the hands of the loved one."
"Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence."
Endure to the very end.
True faith is unconditional. It is simply the reverence and aspiration towards a certain kind of spirit. Faith is not even the means of obtaining reward. Faith itself is the end.
"Faith changes us - faith in something intrinsically good, something other than ourselves, something bigger than ourselves."
"If you are still alive, time is now, reject sin, seek righteousness."
"Consider it all joy, my brothers and sisters, when you encounter various trials, for you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance."
Faith without any actions in accordance with God’s will is a dead faith
"Whoever survived cruel situations, finds the strength of obedient faith."
You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.
You are the ruler of my heart. There is no measure greater than this.
Never surrender to you're passions. Dream and live to excess.
"I live to inspire, not start the fire."
Totally present in this moment for you.
"Have you ever tried thinking of God as a person instead of an all-powerful vending machine that never gives you the right amount of change? He has feelings too, you know."
"Is it possible to love someone so completely, so intensely, they could never die? To give them more than just your heart or your soul? What if you could give then the miracle of immortality?"
"Maybe heaven entailed more than a soul residing in a single place, but instead having pieces of yourself spread among the hearts and memories of people you've touched."
Service to humanity is service to God.
"Sometimes we place faith in the wrong people for the right reasons. We're too blind to their faults, and they're too blind to appreciate us. —Brighton Hayes"
Your little choices become habits that affect the bigger decisions you make in life.
I once heard a Chicago-area pastor put it this way: we don't need more Americans bowing down to the Democrat donkey or the Republican elephant. We need more Americans bowing down to the Lion of Judah.
Spiritual joy is what you experience when you choose to give thanks to God no matter what happens—even when things go wrong.
First knowledge is the knowledge of God.
I have to serve with all my might.
"They cried. Yes, yes, they cried. Cried more tears than the Mississippi could hold, but those tears never washed away their faith…"
Joyfully we undertake our daily work.
"I have lost my faith, but I gained the truth! It is not important at all to lose your candle as long as you find a torch!"
"Now, a plain word here about the Christian church trying to carry on in its own power: That kind of Christianity makes God sick, for it is trying to run a heavenly institution after an earthly manner."
"But God does give us responsibility, and it takes biblical faith to do those things in dependence on God."
"If you allow it, [suffering] can be the means by which God brings you His greatest blessings."
"Deep, contended joy comes from a place of complete security and confidence [in God] - even in the midst of trial."
God never calls His people to accomplish anything without promising to supply their every need.
Nature is bent on new beginning and death has not a chance of winning...
It's not enough merely to believe there is a God. You must believe in the God who is there.
"Sin may have the power to kill and destroy, but God is the Creator of life. He can create it from nothing, and He can restore it from death.(John 11:25-26)"
"Boldness in the course of a noble fight is worth the risk...If you stand on truth, you'll only regret your timidity later, but you'll never regret being bold."
"By telling you anything at all I'm at least believing in you, I believe you're there, I believe you into being. Because I'm telling you this story I will your existence. I tell, therefore you are."
Faith is a question of eyesight; even the blind can see that.
I don't think there's anything wrong with borrowing someone else's faith to get you through until you get enough on your own.
Deepen your faith in yourself. Nothing will be able To frighten or weaken you.
"It's still easier to find the correct Hoover bag than to find one pure person, one pure faith, on the globe."
"I am the chosen of the Lord, for who He loveth, so doeth He chastiseth. But I be durn if He dont take some curious ways to show it, seems like."
"I lose faith in mathematics, logical and rigid. What with those that even zero doesn’t accept?"
"Truth without love, isn't."
"What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH."
No rain can't get the rainbow.
"Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away."
"I have wandered freely in mystical traditions that are not religious and have been profoundly influenced by them. It is my church, however, that I keep returning, for she is my spiritual home."
The door wasn’t closing. Shiloh’s spirit opened up as she considered the possibilities.
"As to the doubt of the soul I discover it to be false: a mood not a conclusion. My conclusion is the Faith. Corporate, organized, a personality, teaching. A thing, not a theory. It."
"The Good News does not hinge on words like do or change but on the powerless, irrelevant, and frightening words like belief and faith."
"Before God and high heaven, is there a law for one man which is not a law for every other man?"
"Of all the religions in the world, perhaps the religion of liberty is the only faith capable of purity."
"They tried to believe in their classmates. They must have believed that if we could all get together, then we might end up being saved. We should commend them for that. We couldn't do that."
To require God to prove that He is able and willing to fulfill His promises would be proof positive that one does not trust Him.
"Faith itself cannot accomplish anything, yet without faith, no one can fly."
Maybe I am everything I knew that I would never be. I looked back at Jay and smiled.
The Father is truly the only Promise Maker who is in earnest a Promise Keeper. A promise from God is a promise kept.
But the witness of the substitutionary atonement of Jesus is that God's most difficult promise has been kept.
"God arranges everything for us, so that we need have no more fear or trouble and may be quite sure that all things will come right in the end."
You are the hybrids of golden worlds and ages splendidly conceived.
A guilty suffering spirit is more open to grace than an apathetic or smug soul.' - Bread & Wine (day 5)
"Nature"" is another name for the miracles that are so commonplace in our lives that we take for granted and have grown used to seeing them."
"The cautious faith that never saws off a limb on which it is sitting, never learns that unattached limbs may find strange unaccountable ways of not falling."
"If we require some kind of sign, or ""proof,"" for our belief in God, then we believe, or place our tust, not in God but in the sign or proof."
"Strange are the pictures of the future that mankind can thus draw with this brush of faith and these many-coloured pigments of the imagination! Strange, too, that no one of them tallies with another!"
Trying to justify a world we don't hold all the answers to is what bedevils the best of us. Sometimes it's better just to accept that things are as we see them.
Logic only tells us what's there; it can't really address what isn't. Even the most devoted empiricist must admit that we have no hope of understanding the universe. Some things are unknowable.
On faith’s battered back calm eyes etch prayers that cool a nation’s hot rage.
God is as real as a station wagon.
"Faith which does not doubt is dead faith. -Miguel de Unamuno, philosopher and writer (1864-1936)"
I would rather believe God doesn't exist than believe he doesn't care.
"It seems all spirits need theatrics, eh? Even Christ himself requires incense and holy water. We're a skeptical people. We need convincing."
"What a failure her life had been. Would she have lied to God if she’d had more faith, been more righteous? How could she possibly have a son at her age? And yet, if she had believed all along . . ."
"A belief which leaves no place for doubt is not a belief; it is a superstition. -Jose Bergamin, author (1895-1983)"
Have faith little one ‘til your hopes and your wishes come true. You must try to be brave.
Fear is the lack of faith in one's ability to create powerful solutions.
We must look to Mary's example to know how to deal with the glorious impossibilities of God. Look how she turned the world upside down by making one simple statement ...
"Yes, she believed God loved her. But if this whole fiasco was His idea of love . . ."
"Watching you has taught me that a man need not be weak to have a faith, but is made strong by it."
"[Faith] was something other than an intellectual exercise. There were no words, no lofty concepts, that could take away the pain. Faith was living with the pain."
Keep marching boys and girls. Keep marching
"You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know."
It took more than science to make hope real.
God is merciful cant we all be on the right track of faith but just using different roads?
"No coward soul is mine, No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere: I see heaven's glories shine, And faith shines equal, arming me from fear"
"Many things the gods achieve beyond our judgement,'"" said the sorrowful girl. ""'What we thought is not confirmed and what we thought not God contives."
"Oh, sometimes I like to put the sand of doubt into the oyster of my faith."" (Br. Cadfael)"
Fear is the ghost of ancient. It consumes faithless human.
"In the beginning, the call of God was not propositional. It was experiential. (p. 10)"
"And whose rules will choose to you follow? God's? Or man's? You say you want to break the outmoded patterns and crate a new model? Then do it. That is part of your destiny, boy."
The people who pray together build together a better world
This is the one who will find us. He's the one who will lead them all back to me someday. He's the explorer. El curioso.
Faith has size.
"Religious sentiments are many a times much above reality. All are aware of reality but blinded by faith and faith has always led to many a myths become reality""."
"They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint."
A life which has never been laid open in penitence and faith before God has little permanence in eternity.
"As a general rule, Providence seldom vouchsafes to mortals any more than just that degree of encouragement which suffices to keep them at a reasonably full exertion of their powers."
"When I think of the Crucifixion, I commit the sin of envy."
Going back to legalistic roots contaminates the blood of Jesus.
"If you have met your Twin Flame, you are embarking on one of the most intense, challenging, and rewarding journeys of your life."
"You don't need great faith to move mountains, you only need to use the poor faith you say you have."
"You are about to enter an arena, brimming with the darkest moments you will ever experience."
"In the depths of my despair, I searched for a glimmer of hope, only to realize that the light I yearned for had always been within me."
"There’s a time to act and a time to be accepting, placing your trust in the Higher Power. This feels like the second sort of time."
"Dreams speak in the language of the soul, but reality answers in scars-still, we chase them both, hoping the ache in between will mean something."
"True courage isn’t the absence of pain—it’s the decision to meet life with dignity, faith, and an open heart. Silver Linings was the beginning. Wonder Restored is the next chapter."
Christ came to help shift our distorted perceptions of God.
"...it is easier to speak of what God is not, rather than what God is."
"The violence ascribed to God, or commanded by God in the Bible, is, for many people, an ethical conundrum. Indeed, for some it reveals why Christianity is morally indefensible."
"Nothing dishonourable, impure, unworthy Our God, our law, my nation, or my self The last of me or not can not warrant"
Those who fail to learn from His Story are doomed to regret it
When dealing with depression in life. I exercise and pray to maintain a healthy state of mind.
Faith is how you keep going when the situation seems difficult or impossible.
What if the mysterious unity behind physics… was the same unity behind faith?
(E-mail : antonnio7001@gmail.com) HOW CAN I ORDER CLONE CARDS ONLINE IN MICHIGAN
The heart that remains light will bear the weight of the world
"I don’t walk by sight, I walk by faith"
God is love. Love is the fear of seperation
"Faith can be unholy, science can be inhuman, none depends on the tool, all depends on the person."
"Believe what you like, that's not the problem, but never let your belief turn you vegetable."
"Prejudice is not piety, no matter the lies laced with wine. Dismantling of prejudice is the dawning of divine."
Life is a series of battles.
"What you believe or don't is of no consequence, one true god or another. Imaginary friends are often therapeutic, just don't thrust your friend on another."
"Have no fear, God is here."
"When our losses are pure fate, our gains are pure luck! Fate does not lead to contrition, nor luck to gratitude."
"Plan, have faith, and implement those plans. God will help you achieve even that which seems complicated."
"Plan as if you have enough resources to accomplish those plans. Sometimes, it is not enough to be practical about your plans. You also need to apply faith and work hard so you can see miracles."
"From shadows deep, where silence reigned, Where every breath ached, every step constrained, I cried out, unseen, unheard, alone, In a world of agony, carved from stone."
"You’re still listening to her voice. Still believing the lie that you failed them. But Rick, you didn’t."
"For this, and all else which may come, I believe we are prepared!"
"If she doesn’t believe me, then the easiest thing is to go along with her."
"If I cannot be better than them, I will become so much worse."
"Fasting is, at its core, an invitation to intimacy. It's an emptying of all so we can be filled by His all."
"She’d heard that Jesus took the form of a man and floated up into the sky. Well, why shouldn’t the god of the sea appear in the sea? Which was more ridiculous? She shook her head, perplexed."
The key is faith + fate + feat
"Allah’s tests are not punishments but invitations... an invitation to grow, to trust, and to return to Him with a heart refined by struggle."
"How are students to reconcile the incarnational and fleshly reality of Christ, if they cannot embrace their own flesh?"
Play recalls us not only to our humanity and the humanity of others but also to our embodied realities.
Jesus sees the world as His playground where He can exercise His FAITH.
The degree of risk is the measure of both the task itself as well as the person who has determined to undertake it.
"I am love, I am tolerance, I am what bigoted monkeys mock as woke and DEI. No matter what dogmatic primates believe, prisons of doctrines are not my paradise."
"I have great faith in fools - self-confidence, my friends will call it"
God has drawn a curtain between myself and heaven and there is no parting it.
Your joy is your miracle power to uncertainty.
"I live my faith, not by fear,” he replied stoically. “What value does life hold unless you’re helping others and willing to risk your life for a friend."
"Ethics are the key to liberation, not the anthesis of it."
It is a safe thing to trust Him to fulfill the desires which He creates.
"God loves you. He has not abandoned you. Pray, repent, study the scriptures, keep the commandments, and have faith that answers will come in God’s timing. They will. He loves you."
B’ comes before ‘S”; 2 before 19; the horse comes before the cart; and believing before seeing - This is the protocol of faith!
The ‘truth’ that we tell ourselves will always be inferior to a ‘Truth’ that will always be greater than ourselves.
"Have faith in God alone. Don’t doubt, fear, or falter, but bend to His will and power. Trust Him."
"Whether you succeed or fail is largely determined by whether you believe or doubt. It is called faith, and it is a real power."
"If miracles are no more, it is because faith is no more. Faith brings about miracles, not the other way around."
"Faith is not hoping or wishing something will happen, it is trusting it will happen in God’s way and in His timing."
"Faith is strength, courage, belief, will, hope, power, and determination all wrapped up together. Faith is the blade used to slay our doubts and fears."
"If the faith of a mustard seed can move mountains, imagine what the faith of a coconut seed could do!"
"Faith is knowing you are not alone. It is realizing that God is right at your side. It is understanding that no matter what happens in life, He will be there to help you through it."
"When you have real faith, you act on it. Otherwise, you gain nothing. It’s like when you have an ice cream cone, you eat it. Otherwise, well… it melts."
"Blind faith will not take you there, but it will get you started."
"Your belief means nothing unless you are faithful to it, all the way through, to the very end; when its revelation becomes your truth."
"Life is entirely for us to share, love is completely what we receive. The truth that we discover is not limited to our belief; but exclusive to our faith."
I have got the blessed eye of faith
She wore hers sacars as the best attire. A stunning dress made of hellfire
"Faith is the rock in the storm that ignores the ferocity of the tempest not out of ignorance, but out of a confidence that the lesser person cannot help but interpret as ignorance."
"To mollycoddle malice is not religion, to pamper prejudice is not piety."
To pray is to set in motion a force that will crush your skepticism about prayers ability to crush your skepticism.
"Leaving this world without having known God, without having experienced an intimate relationship with Him is the greatest of failures."
"FAITH' it til you make it and even then, 'FAITH' it to the end!"
Life is not all that bad...when you choose to do it with God.
I cling to hope Even when it shakes me off
"You may think God will protect you out there, but when you jump off a cliff, God doesn't catch you. His divine protection ends when people insist on doing stupid things they know better than to do!"
You have to listen to the still small voice of the Spirit daily if you want to know God.
"God can be found in His Word, so when you get His Word in you, He will be found in you!"
how to login coinbase wallet{
how to login to coinbase without authenticator ~
"To be respected is not my concern. So long as I seek to live in obedience to my Lord, respect will come accordingly from the people He deems it necessary."
"We are all in the gutter more than we imagine, but we are also looking up at the Star."
Faith is a requisite to living a sanctified life.
Faith is simply believing what our eyes haven't seen yet
Is Father good because He is good or because He says He is good?
"True love is a choice, even when it doesn’t come easily. It’s not selfish. It’s about giving to the one I love, even when I don’t feel like it."
"Kneeling before the Eyucharist is truly a profession of freedom. In the end, it is the most worthwhile and radical remedy against the idolatries of yesterday and of today."
"Keep the fasts, my dear; that's supremely important! Wednesdays and Fridays, well, God will overlook that; but Lent itself, God forbid!"
"You have endured, not to be shackled by your history but to reclaim your present, to live fortunately, freely, and fearlessly."
"A life rooted in faith is a life anchored in hope, guided by purpose, and destined for eternity."
The leaves of a tree need to fall in order to rise anew.
"Belief means nothing unless you are faithful to it, until the end; where you learn the truth."
It's a constant in this country that the people who make the laws love to talk about God when they take things from you.
"Nathan bowed his head, imagining God looking down past the stars and the cloud-skirted moon to Nathan behind the curtains and the widow on the sofa while both prayed for help."
the curse turned to grace when the hurt turned to faith
"If our reading of the Bible focuses our eyes on anyone other than God, we have gotten backwards the transformation process. (ch. 1)"
"We can never be angry with the people we love for long, then why do we think that God can be angry with us. 11/01/2025 - 11:11"
"My every book, stories, poetry poem, reading, writing and every work is dedicated to God, please do not tell me that I should do a lot of worship"
Prayer changes everything because it is inferior to nothing.
Faith in the divine God is the righteousness of faith.
OPEN YOUR EYES AND SEE THE INVISIBLE GOD!
THE ONLY WAY TO BE TRANSFORMED IN THE IMAGE OF CHRIST IS TO LOOK AT HIM IN THE REALM OF THE SPIRIT!
THE EXPRESS IMAGE OF THE FATHER IS ENCODED IN THE WORDS OF CHRIST!
"TO SUCCEED IN THE CHRISTIAN LIFE, YOU MUST LEARN TO LIVE OUT OF YOUR SPIRIT!"
GOD ESTABLISHED THE NEW COVENANT FOR THE NEW MAN!
"BORN AGAIN, SONS OF GOD OUTRANK EVERY CREATED BEING IN THE UNIVERSE!"
THE PROMISES OF GOD ARE WAITING FOR THOSE WHO RENEW THEIR MIND!
YOUR IMAGINATION IS YOUR SECRET TO BRINGING INVISIBLE REALITIES TO THE VISIBLE WORLD!
THE AMOUNT OF TIME YOU PUT FORTH IN PRAYER TO ADMINISTER THE HOLY SPIRIT THROUGH SPEAKING IN TONGUES IS THE MEASURE HE WILL WORK THROUGH YOU AND FOR YOU!
PEOPLE WILL TRAVEL ACROSS THE WORLD TO HEAR THE WISDOM OF GOD BEING PREACHED BY A MAN OF GOD!
You can't fix you. Look to Jesus...and believe.
Challenges arrive to test your faith and expand your limitless potential.
"The real magic happens not in what you achieve, but in who you become in the process."
"If energy, light, gravity, and consciousness are a mystery, don't be suprised if you're going to get an element of this in God"
A glimmer of hope is better than none at all.
I am confident with my faith.
"End of rigidity is the beginning of religion, end of division is the beginning of divinity."
"By our adoration, we can love Jesus today, like the humble shepherds of Bethlehem, like the magi who brought their gifts, or like Mary of Bethany who poured very pure nard over the head of the Christ."
Thus those who remain before the Lord fulfill a great service; they present to Christ all those who do not know him or who are far from him; in their name they keep vigil before him.
"People are of two types, they are either your brothers in faith or your equals in humanity."
All the ancient myths are the refraction and splintering of God's true white light into the many colors we see throughout the world. We write myths because our hears were written by a mythmaker.
"God faith is interfaith, God dimension is love dimension. God element is heart element, God religion is integration."
"Life was never easy. Life is not easy. Life shall never be easy. So, be brave, have faith in Allah, and fight like a true warrior."
"My truth is love, not belief or disbelief. Prejudice is the root of all persecution."
Your tomorrow is never doomed to a yesterday that you regret.
No belief is more holy than tolerance.
Having the ability to pray for your pastor is a blessing.
"The fool will tell you that there is no God. Yet, the fool is the one who believes himself to be what he is not, and God not to be what He is."
"Living under God’s grace means walking in the assurance that He will preserve and sustain you, no matter the struggle."
Faith offers answers where knowledge remains silent.
God is tolerance.
"By the time we actually figure out that we can do something, we then have to figure out how we can do it minus the time that it took us to figure out that we could do it."
"I'm not interested in proving or disproving God, I long resigned from all such arguments. I am a pilgrim of love and life, all are welcome, all are celebrated."
Feeling is not faith.
"Everything about your religion is just 'a belief', and that's not a problem. The problem is when you call those beliefs, facts."
Religion will just make you very busy for nothing.
All Gods are Man-made Man-protected Man-spread & Man-men-tained
"All roads spring from people, and they lead back to the people."
"The “powers that be” in society tell us that obedience to God shackles us, limiting our freedom. In reality liberation comes only through serving the one who created us."
To be intimidated by the world (Psalm 2) is as spiritually fatal as being overly attracted to it (Psalm 1).
God always seemed to send a cheerful something at the most opportune times.
Grandfather said God's love is like that. Fathoms and fathoms surrounding us so we can never escape it.
"Full temples, empty souls. In no way can this appear to be a sign of the holy spirit."
There are those desperate times when the only thing that’s sustaining our belief is the absence of a more convincing belief.
It's the small things we do in life that typically become the greatest.
Your purpose is not something you create—it’s something God reveals when you surrender your plans to His.
"Without a foundation in God, people often search for meaning in places that can’t sustain them."
Tolerance is the better name for divinity.
"All throughout my life, I have been surrounded by people who understand the beauty of Religious Freedom. They heralded Freedom OF Religion, instead of pandering for Freedom from Religion."
"God’s Word entails deep details to help the human race. Through the Word and through grace, men are inspired to walk by faith and become great."
"As they walk by faith, the Word assists the saints to overcome the temptations and trials that come their way."
His Word creates a safe space where those who have faith find a gentle embrace.
It is in the Word that many are inspired to walk by faith and never faint.
"Your will. I will. Yes, Lord. The End"
I didn’t need the out-of-body experience to know that it was possible. But it was a beautiful thing to know is real.
Try climbing Mt. Everest with skates on. Typical day to day.
The practice of applying the Word for signs and wonders requires a process of faith.
Beyond fundamentalism there is faith.
Her heart didn’t have to be her prison or her betrayer. It could be the thing she offered to her Lord.
"Please hear me: your mental health struggle is in no way, shape, or form an indication of a shallow faith in God."
"This process of healing is a marathon, not a sprint…The goal is to keep showing up for yourself."
You are worthy of a life free from the wounds caused by the careless words and actions of broken souls.
Don’t allow sinners who hurt you to keep you from the Savior who longs to heal you.
Tough days refine tough people for tough missions
Neurons are the birthplace of God.
The space between Petals of love and ache Mirrors the distance Between us— Comforted by faith.
Hope will find me Where faith Left traces of your love.
"Fear is a principal weapon of the devil, once he gets it into the life of either a sinner or a believer, the person is meant to be conquered by that fear. Don't fall for it"
Our arrogance has convinced us of our ability to create the keys that will unlock the doors that imprison us. But we’ve yet to realize that only God can get us over the wall.
...we surrender with full faith to the unknown and the unknown will become the known revealed in its fullness of Love.
Sell a dream to a visionary and you’ll watch it come to life.
"..when one is full of devotion and faith and has gained insight from meditation, has opened fully the heart to the love supreme, then they can find freedom in absolute love."
"True godliness lies in behavior, not belief. Hand of God unfolds when human takes the steed."
"Law of Nature is its lack of meaning, as well as its lack of morality. We needed an image to bear the blame, and be the imaginary steward of our destiny."
ADVENTURES AWAIT - ...the hardest part of any ADVENTURE is taking that first step in FAITH outside of the known into the UNKNOWN
"Be you, and try to be happy, but above all, be you. Sé tú, e intenta ser feliz, pero sobre todo, sé tú."
"There must be willingness first, before the strength, in every spiritual assignment"
"Until you go out to preach, or to witness, you won't get enough spiritual strength. You can't dwell in Zion and remain stationary"
"Be you, and try to be happy, but above all, be you."
Intolerance is the desecration of sanctity.
"Showing concern's without rendering help, might be counted as insincerity. Show a little bit of love"
"Education is useless without the Bible. The Bible was America’s basic text book in all fields. God’s Word, contained in the Bible, has furnished all necessary rules to direct our conduct."
I can trust a God who suffers with me.
"My holiness is vast as the sky, and deep as the ocean - it has place for every faith, but no place for intoleration."
"All faith is blind faith, that's not the problem. All fiction is good fiction, till it turns intolerant."
True holiness begins at the end of all hate.
Religion is god's population control tool.
"The existence of God is evidenced by our need of a God, but our inability to be one."
The worship of our disbelief is faith in inaction.
Have faith in your journey. Everything had to happen exactly as it did to get you where you're going next!
Hope is never absent. What’s absent is our faith in a reality that’s never absent.
"We are able to thank God only because of God 11/11/2024, 10:18, Monday"
I believe the failure stems back to our poverty in prayer. To offer different brands of politics as a cure-all for this sick age is like handing out aspirins to incurable cancer patients.
There's times God will toss situations at us so we reach for Him.
"Soul that is kind is soul divine, Mind segregated is most unholy kind. Helping the helpless is holiness alive, Day of the living is day of the divine."
"Soul that is kind is soul divine, mind segregated is most unholy kind."
"What is written in my destiny, it will happen anyway."
Fear cannot be present wherever faith is exercised.
"You can finish reading the letters in the Bible, but, we can't stop getting inspirations from it at different times."
Most people are only here obsessing about money but barely few are looking for ways to improve their relationship with God
At the end of times... your money won't save you
"The truth might hurt sometimes , but when you realized it was to keep you awake instead of dosing into a selfish world"
No one can sign their name on anything because everything was accredited to God from the start
Jehovah said: Much favor will be given to those who honestly repent and change their behavior
You must take the risk. You must have faith. The mask you wear is your prison. You cannot be authentic wearing a mask.
"Thank you, Rollin, for believing in me. No one has ever believed in me the way you do."
"Without faith, we are spiritually naked, poor, miserable, lost, condemned, and have no hope."
The earth is rising to meet my feet.
"We turn to the Word when we’re lost, but in our comfort, we can lose sight of its truth."
Faith is neither a fairy tale nor a fantasy.
The reality of faith is far better than the fantasy of religious rituals.
"Don't fear your destiny, for it is the sum of your past and present combined with your level of confidence and faith."
"Our longing could only resolve in Jesus. His death, resurrection, and return are the only true anchor for aching hearts."
"It makes no difference whether you believe in God, since God, so I have been led to understand, believes in you."
"If the fires go out in the boiler room of the church, the place will still look smart and clean... but it will be cold. The prayer room of the church is the boiler room for the spiritual life."
"This part of my life is called The Remix. When you notice that you are no longer on the track, just sing along and be happy for me."
Time was when people went to church to meet God. Now they go to hear a sermon about Him.
God's problem in the United States and England is not humanism or communism or spiritualism. God's problem in America and England is dead fundamentalism.
The Good Book makes a really lousy hammer.
"If your God entitles you to a specific land and justifies your existence as ""the chosen people"", then you are no further than the devil himself."
"Lord, do you have the butterfly wings in my size?"
God was there. And here. And all the places in between. Couldn’t I trust Him with the horizon as I trusted this ship to carry me . . ? (p. 147).
I am naked as I type this. I was naked writing the whole damn book.
"Christmas isn’t about the decorations, It’s about compassion. Hanukkah isn’t about the sufganiyot, It’s about amalgamation. Ramadan isn’t about the feast, It’s about affection."
"I am not an atheist, I don't care to be anti-religion. But if you can't tell faith from hate, that right there is hell in action."
"No obstacle can dim the light of God’s purpose. When we help others see that, we lead them to their highest calling"
I stare at sea and contemplate whether God is with me here or busy orchestrating tides or neither here nor there or missing.
Your speck made me an atheist with great faith in my many planks.
The atmosphere ONLY responds to those who live the song and become the altar.
There comes a moment in the life of every believer when we must decide to believe. Being a part of the family of GOD does not allow you automatic victory but gives you entrance into automatic wisdom.
"Victory is always one choice away. Endurance is simply 5 minutes more. And, the glory of GOD is revealed to those who simply decide to stay seated when others leave to do lesser things."
"For it is established by God's Word that God does not lie, nor does His word lie."
"Everybody thinks they're the chosen ones, and everybody else is living in sin. Only the brand of the bottle changes, not the prejudice and bigotry within."
"When we're more invested in politics than we are in people--when someone shares their story--we won't hear a testimony, but a position. We won't hear a cry, but a stance."
"Faith is a choice, not a feeling. Praise is a response, not a ritual."
"Oh, may no earthbound cloud arise to hide thee from thy servant's eyes."
"Purpose leads, Love envelops and Hope supports but Faith always carries me."
"Memorize some creeds, and you're religious. Memorize some facts, and you're intellectual. The former is religion of the old world jungle, The latter is religion of the new world jungle."
"I am now and forever a redemptionist, confident that, in Christ, nothing is wasted, but all will be transformed to spiritual gain."
"For your journey of hard work on self motivation and self creation to be successful, you need God's support and guidance."
Never doubt that GOD is good; today HE gives fresh peace. Never wonder if HE thinks of you; creation shows HE does. GOD's love is ever near.
"The greatest gift GOD gave us isn't the ability to speak, but to think. Have enough good sense to use the latter before U open the former."
"Never compete for a position you already possess, and, Never fight for something that was never yours. You don't have nearly enough time to spend time wasting time on things that do not matter."
"You are only as great as the struggles you overcome, the truth you understand and the grace you extend to others."
A good NO is better than a bad YES every time!
"Deliverance doesn't begin with evicting the enemy but rather convicting the soul. Until you change your mind, you will not change your life."
"Freedom is the gift HE brought us, but to step into freedom you must recognize that those beautiful bracelets are in fact chains & that shiny, new necklace is only a painted over yoke."
"Don't prove your freedom by getting into bondage. Don't show your independence by losing everything. And, never prove your wisdom by acting like a fool."
15 minutes with a wise man will change your altitude. 15 minutes with a fool will change your attitude. Which will you choose today?
Agree with GOD about tomorrow & destiny begins. Agree with GOD bout today & dominion is set in motion. Agree with GOD about your past & torment ceases to exist.
Nole used to say turning to God wasn't weakness. That being weak is where the true strength came from.
Reason ambitions only a world; faith gives it infinity.
I don’t want to hear how much Faith you have; I want to see you get out on the battlefield of life and prove how much Faith you have!
Miracles don’t just happen on their own; someone has to have Faith!
"You can’t tackle life problems with little, weak, or dead Faith."
The just live by Faith and not by random luck.
You will experience exactly what you believe.
Faith is not afraid to fight the devil over God’s Word being true.
"As a leader, putting trust in you is one thing. Believing in you, beyond their senses is really something. Something that you need to treasure, because not everyone believe in what they don’t see."
This is not just semantics. Language matters.
Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal.
"The birth of a baby was proof enough. Every baby, she believed, was a miracle of God."
The grace of God is seen. He has to discipline a disobedient pair but he doesn't have to disinherit!
The faithful have complete trust that within the smallest seed lives an eternity of orchards.
"Religion is a right, fundamentalism is not."
The Christ I know is the antithesis of christian nationalism.
"The Christ I know was a colored arab, who took a stand against intolerance. The Christ I know is the antithesis of christian nationalism."
The impact of her tender and battered hand against his rough and wind-worn face was annoyingly painful.
"Obstacles are meant to be tackled,if they are left alone,they will strangle you,for not tackling them"
The Bible is to interpret the Bible. It’s up to us to agree with it.
"I worship the Maker with my blade and with my life,” he said quietly, “and I would suffer for her gladly if she asked it."
To underestimate your God-given greatness is not humility; it's small faith
"I knew she'd come back to me. [...] And she knew it, too. We both knew our time wasn't over."
"To find God, all that you have to do is ask for directions."
"I am calling this season, The Parable of The Wheat and The Tares"
"Science and faith are more in agreement than they realize. The growing belief the universe is sentient is evidence of a deity, just in a different form than anticipated."
"Following the call of Christ can be tricky. But if you know it's GOD, why are you afraid?"
The Worse Things Get The More Faith Laughs!
Faith doesn’t take no for an answer when it comes to the promises of God
"Even if God anointed you with a double portion of His Spirit, if you don’t have Faith, it won’t do you a bit of good"
It's not until the essence of your life is in danger that you find out if you have Faith or not
Faith legally grants God the ability to work a miracle on your behalf
Faith doesn’t see delays or having to wait on God for an answer to prayer as a problem
The main difference between someone weak in Faith and someone strong in Faith is what they think in their heart and what comes out of their mouth
Faith always delivers a glorious ending to every test
"If you have Faith, you will be having a good time while everybody else is stressed out"
Faith loves to get right in the middle of the worst possible situations and believe God for a miracle
"Unbelief is thinking, feeling, speaking, and believing you don’t have something that God said you have"
"Faith will produce miracles, but miracles will never produce Faith; only the Word of God produces Faith in us"
God will make a legend out of anyone with strong FAITH in God
"Faith is looking for Jesus, and Jesus is looking for FAITH"
Faith not only needs a challenge but thrives when challenged
"Faith is something unique, and not everyone has it"
"The more Faith you have, the more God can use you"
There is no place like the Secret Place!
Being a believer and being a bigot are two different things.
Miracles open us up to all the possibilities of God
"Personal fiction is a psychological necessity of the individual – hence, a right - why can't we simply accept it as such!"
"Advance’ is the Christian’s motto. Onward to certain victory over sin, the world, and hell."
It was for the purpose of restoring intimate fellowship with mankind that Jesus came.
"We all want reassurance that the love we crave is a love we can find, or that will find us."
"When I hear that still, small Voice wooing me and asking me to drop everything and spend time with Him, I need to be willing to yield."
"Whenever we least expect it, loving support appears, often in a form we could never have anticipated."
"Whatever may be the meaning of faith, it must always mean a certainty about something we cannot prove. (Heretics)"
Islam tends its adherents down the garden path to the plentiful paradise.
Islam tends its adherents down the garden path to plentiful paradise.
Your next stop is not your last stop. It's just on the way to your best stop.
"DAMAGE: Severe. Irreparable. Cat 5, Code Red, Level 10, Rector Scale, Broken. NO MORE"
Don't miss your blessing trying to take mine from me.
"Apparently, women mansplain also. She wants the advice I gave myself to be the advice she gave me so bad. Sorry, you don't get the credit for GOD's work."
Have you ever felt terrible but one hundred percent better than yesterday? Small steps matter.
"Who: God What: Sovereign When: On Time Where: Everywhere, all at once Why: Because he loves you"
Don't watch me. Watch GOD.
"Surely it is the unseen work of the Lord in our lives, that eventually promotes us to the place of our destiny."
"Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me."
"Anytime you hear words that exalt your past above what God has already done for you, that is the voice of condemnation and not the Holy Ghost."
Life is filled with miracles.
"There are certain levels of faith - relevant and necessary ones - which are too advanced for most adults, but not too advanced for children."
Everything we ever need to heal ourselves grows out of God's good earth.
Hope carries its own faith.
We may with confidence approach the throne. We may walk in the garden with Him once again.
I feel his love most strongly when I am confident in his love.
"I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills,” he said, “from whence cometh my help."
Perhaps one of the greatest lies the enemy traps us into believing is that a blissful marriage just happens naturally.
"Whether our conflicts are gigantic or minute, confrontations typically result from unmet expectations."
The pain of today can never offset the inevitability of tomorrow.
"But if we want thriving marriages, we must stop focusing on our own needs and commit to focusing on meeting theirs."
Yoga strengthens your core; politics weakens your faith.
"When manifesting, forget about how it is going to appear in your reality. Instead, allow the Universe to surprise you in the way it moves things around in your favor. That is the fun part."
The Law of Assumption has allowed me to play life like a game that I have the cheat codes to. I already know I’ve won.
"Unless we are willing to escape into sentimentality or fantasy, often the best we can do with catastrophes, even our own, is to find out exactly what happened and restore some of the missing parts."
"More than a permanent remedy, feeling the divine within us is a perpetual reminder. Our body is born once, but our heart is born many times."
"Life may throw curveballs at us, but it's up to us to swing and hit them out of the park."
"I walk with the Lord and an army of Angels, in this evil world. Even the Devil knows that my soul is protected."
"Me? ...I'm a woman of great faith who takes the time to encourage others, while pursuing my own vision."
"When you see no present advantage, walk by faith and not by sight."
"Keep the faith, what is denied to you today might be granted to you tomorrow"
"Hope and Faith are like blood brothers and work hand in hand. With hope, you set out. With Faith, you get there even without the need to set out."
"When I interact with others, I try to let goodwill and love for humanity guide me. I don't always succeed, but I pray for the grace to do better the next time."
God is confident enough in me to be all things confident for me.
I don't have hopes. I have faith.
"So here's the problem with always needing to see something first, before believing that it exist...That mentally goes against the word of God"
Discovering your purpose isn't another thing you need to do; it's more of a celebration of who you are as a couple.
"Your specific marriage purpose will make God known, bring God pleasure, and demonstrate His unconditional love."
Our focus largely determines what we produce.
"As couples, we experience a greater fulfillment and intimacy when we keep the purpose of our marriage at its center."
"Since our thoughts hold power and where we place our focus largely determines our outcome, it's vital we understand our tendencies."
"God reveals His purpose for your marriage through His Word, confirms His plan through your circumstances, and affirms ongoing direction through people."
"If we devalue one another, we eventually dishonor one another. If we dishonor one another, then dissension grows between us. When dissension escalates destruction becomes inevitable."
Believing the best about one another and celebrating our differences impacts every part of the marriage relationship.
Building on common ground begins by connecting and growing together spiritually.
Don't allow what is good to get in the way of what is great.
"When we get too busy doing for God, we forget the joy of being with Him."
"See the best, believe the best and speak the best."
"You will find what you are looking for...we will find what we love, not what is lacking."
Don't settle for what's good. Pursue what's great.
Lift the lid and dare to dream together.
Fight for not with your spouse.
Live intentionally to stay connected.
You reap what you sow. Plant the right seeds.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
Marriage requires us to exchange our selfish nature for Christ's servant-like nature.
"God never promised us a problem-free relationship, experiencing total bliss every moment; He promised us He would be with us."
The inherent problem is that we fail to grow when we insist that all our problems are someone else's fault.
Man is a weak and miserable animal until the light of God burns in his soul.
"Let go of who you are, and become who you can be..."
"The thing Jesus said about forgiveness? 'When we forgive men for their sins, God forgives us for ours.' We have to remember that, man. Hold it close to our hearts."
"Be a Muslim, be a Christian, Be an Atheist, or be a martian! None of these means nothing at all, till we're each other's emancipation."
"Istanbul to Alpha Centauri, Intolerance is not civility. If you can't tell faith from hate, You are the posterape of infidelity."
"If you can't tell faith from hate, you are the posterape of infidelity."
Faith is like a plant that grows every day; keep on believing.
"Faith taught me a lesson: ""Hope for tomorrow."
"Human faith in whatever, provided it is strong and unshakeable faith, is tremendously powerful."
Isn't it comforting to worship a God we cannot exaggerate?
"If you don’t bet on yourself, no one else will."
Heart and head knowledge immerse me in Your goodness — I swim to depths I've never known.
"All, from the Queen in her palace down to the pauper in the workhouse, all must fight if they would be saved."
In the hardest winter the roots are sill alive in the frozen ground.
"Paradise is, as from the learn'd I gather, A choir of blest souls circling in the Father."
"Funds are low again, hallelujah! That means God trusts us and is willing to leave His reputation in our hands."
"If you don't desire to meet the Devil during the day, meet Jesus before dawn."
Faith is like a plant; it grows every day.
"If we cannot clear away the fog, it might be better to rise to a higher level and get above it."
Only one tree remained standing in a field cleared of trees. Yet that never deterred it from being a tree.
"Having belief means not just expecting others to meet our standards, but also being consistent and trustworthy in fulfilling our own assurances."
Belief encompasses both trusting others to uphold their commitments and being steadfast in keeping the promises we have given.
"She’d heard of love at first sight, but very few mentioned distaste at first sight."
"If she had to choose between saving me and a copperhead, she’d choose the copperhead."
"In the garden of trust, betrayal is the weed that chokes the bloom of faith."
"Information exists generally on two levels - visible and Invisible. To make progress in life, one must have access to both."
"I thought I trusted the rope until it mattered to me whether it would bear me. Now it matters, and I find I didn't."
Keep your faith within your heart even if your tongue is forced to say otherwise.
"Prayer, to me, is committing my aspirations, however childish, to a Power which, if I ask for a stone, will nevertheless give me the bread I need."
"The prime purpose of the Christian revelation was not to show men what they ought to do, but to give them the inspiration (if you dislike the word grace) to do it."
Our love has not yet seen its high-water mark. Don't give up on me - or us - ever.
Let the word of God go viral through you so that the Kingdom of Heaven may gain more followers!
"Saints are not corporeal, but presences; they can reach and touch wherever their grace and generosity desire."
Your career is what fills your resume; your vocation is what fills your eulogy.
"We're fighting to worship God freely and share His Gospel freely. If we fight only to save our lives, then we're missing our true cause."
"Love of religion may or may not make you a good person, but religion of love always does."
"If you knew how quickly people would forget you after your death, you would not seek in your life to please anyone but God."
It is easier for people to overlook their differences once they get to know someone.
"What type of steward would I be,"" Boaz said. ""If I didn't use the blessings God gave me to care for those in my power to help?"
"The enemy works so hard to take possession of our hearts because each one is the inheritance of God, and, as the Bible tells us, out of it flow the issues of life."
Trust isn't solely about keeping faith in others' promises; it's also about being dependable in the promises we've made to others.
To believe is to not only hold others to their word but also to prove ourselves reliable in the guarantees we have offered.
"Beloved, it is within the crucible of adversity that a man's true strength is forged, for it is through the fiery trials of life's struggles that one uncovers the depths of one's resilience."
Doubt is an insult to God's character and track record.
"If you stand up for what you believe, you will always win no matter what."
"To break with ritual is to break with faith, brother..."
"I have no doubt we shall win, but the road is long, and red with monstrous martyrdoms."
"I never ask for my challenges to be taken away from me. Because I know that should I be excused from going through tough times, the blessings that await beyond them would be taken away too."
When you shut the mouths of women and tell them they can’t preach or teach you are silencing half of God’s army. Which is exactly what satan wants you to do.
"But yet, O Lord! confess I must, At times I'm fash'd wi' fleshly lust: An' sometimes too in warldly trust, Vile self gets in; But Thou remembers we are dust, Defil'd wi' sin."
"Bibles are expendable, Altars are expendable. Till love takes preference, God itself is expendable."
"Yesterday I was a sensible infant, I studied scripture seeking holiness. Today I am a grownass nutter, Only godly gift is love's holy mess."
"Often, it's the small things in life that bring the greatest joy."
Faith is like a tool in your hand; you can use it to conquer the world.
"There are only two kinds of people in the end: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, in the end, 'Thy will be done."
"All scriptures are blasphemy, when peddled as exclusive, infallible handbook to divinity."
"To let me go is to trust that I am supposed to go. To hold onto me when I say I need to grow is to show me that you too know, I don’t belong here."
"Evangelicalism increasingly became a global culture. By the 2020s, the largest congregations in the world were not in Texas or Georgia or California, but in Korea, Nigeria, and Brazil."
"The first god that I prayed to was to the planet Sun, until my father taught me how to pray to a Christian God. I still wonder about the origins of this need to pray to planet Sun."
"The first god that I prayed to was to the planet Sun, until my father taught me how to pray to a Christian God. I still wonder about the origins of this need to pray to the planet Sun."
the world becomes small when you have a great heart.
God’s plans for me are greater than my dreams
The questions of faith that consume me arena abstract philosophical matter. I see their implications at work all around me.
"Though I may think of this in terms of theology, we cannot attribute all evil and ill-will to the power beneath the earth. Just s friendship is a human thing, so too is the earl's malice."
The questions of faith that consume me are no abstract philosophical matter. I see their implications at work all around me.
"Every religion is right religion, or none are."
Prayer is where I acknowledge a battle that I can’t win by embracing a God Who can’t lose.
The ferocity of the storm is always measured by the compass that we’ve taken into it.
"By saying your religion is the only right religion, you only prove, your religion is the wrong religion."
"If we cannot row, we can steer... We need a rod to point out the way as much as a staff to support us in it."
"Entire world is church-n-mosque, Folks forsaken are our deity. Above all else humans are true, Ain't no divinity but humanity."
Prejudice is utter unpiety.
Divinity is uncanonable.
"Lord, you are so good, and your love holds everything together."
You are a maker. Not the Maker.
"Heresy is a spiritual matter which you cannot hack to pieces with iron, consume with fire, or drown in water. God's word alone avails here."
You make a god of the things you fear or love. What could be more natural than that?
"Religion has never made me happy; it's no use shutting your eyes to the fact that the deeper you go, the more alone you will find yourself."
But sometimes you need a little faith and lots of trust to see them. That is what magic is. It's having faith in the things that shouldn't be.
"The degree of true wisdom that moms experience over a lifetime is directly related to our fear of - or respect for - the Lord. The more we look to God, the wiser we'll become."
"Let us never fear. The stars in their courses fight against the enemies of our souls. Often when we march to the conflict, we find no army to contend with."
"So Faith is a loyal helper, and above Law and Logic; for in the Lives of the Saints Logic and Law are little esteemed, unless they have Faith to support them."
It is better to search our sins than to find out the nature of things.
Faith is a fortitudal force.
"Who or what are you sacrificing in order to achieve success? Success at the expense of others can be easy. Can you conduct your business without lying, hiding or harming others?"
Do not stop when God is giving you a green light
"If we are leaving the ‘fate’ of our next generation in someone’s hands, we are handing out kids destiny to him."
Perhaps she didn't need her own forgiveness. Perhaps she could rely on His.
The faithful soul finds its good in everything that affects it
Do you need me to carry you?” “I’d rather make an angry badger’s acquaintance.
Courage a little seed sprouts - and a little ant goes about his business neither are afraid of failure but confidently fling their stones at Goliath
"We are entitled to three things: We want our children to be safe, we want to be steadfast in our faith, and we want to think."
Holiness gives you the boldness to confront the enemy.
"Just so. But hesitation, suspense, conflict between belief and disbelief- is sometimes such torture to a conscientious man, such as you are, that it's better to hang oneself at once."
One brilliant manifestation of God’s mercy is found in the elimination of the holes that are continually being dug by the men who are attempting to fill them.
The greatest blessings arise when we reject the lesser blessings of men so that we are never dulled to the infinitely greater blessings of God.
Godly ethics have boundaries that are impervious to the installation of gates regardless of which direction they might swing.
"Placing complete faith in a divine being is an extreme level of devotion, one she struggles to comprehend. But more frightening to her is the idea of having total faith in another human."
"Humans are complex creatures. Saying one thing yet doing another. Filled with faith yet doubting. Trusting one minute, suspicious the next."
"Faith, unity, and discipline remain meaningless wherever the judiciary, political figures, people, and officials eliminate fairness and honesty from their lives and the system."
"There are only two alternatives about prayer: Either God answers prayer, or He does not. If He does not answer prayer, it is foolish to pray. And if He does answer prayer, it is foolish not to pray."
Belief isn't simply a thing for fair times and bright days… What is belief—what is faith — if you don't continue in it after failure?
"The gospel is so simple that small children can understand it, and it is so profound that studies by the wisest theologians will never exhaust its riches."
"The corrupt faith of men takes us away from God, while the pure and true faith of our personal relationship with the Lord brings us closer to Him."
"My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"
He had a peanut the shape of a peanut on his back too and so was nutty through and through.
The reason that life seems hopeless is that we’ve placed our hope in that which has none.
Give God a little more time to do what you would screw up if you did it now.
God's truth counters the lies of the enemy.
God will often reveal before he heals.
"Faith is not a feeling. It's a choice. You choose whether to walk in fear or faith. And when you choose to walk in faith, God walks with you."
A drop of poison a liter of kindness. This is the essence of religions.
Faith is believing when you have every reason to disbelieve. Hope is like one open window through which a flicker of light comes in when you’re in utter darkness.
Faith is believing when you have every reason to disbelieve. Hope is like a slightly opened window through which a flicker of light comes in when you’re in utter darkness.
We can’t hold onto something so hard that it destroys everything else we love.
"When you go to the gym and workout, do you praise yourself for your self-discipline, or do you thank God for giving you time, energy, physical ability, and a place to exercise? William G. Alston"
"Self-discipline has twice the impact on academic achievement as IQ, and prayerful goal setting is the backbone of self-discipline. William G. Alston"
The difference between a motivational speaker and multiplier is the annointing.
Sorrows try the soul as fire does gold.
"When belief in God becomes difficult, the tendency is to turn away from Him; but in heaven’s name to what?"
"Remember to not make the small things big, and do not make the big things bigger than God."
Faith does not have a backup plan.
"The blind realization is that humans often pray to what they cannot see and destroy what they can. Yet, it is what humans cannot see that will destroy them."
"God will never allow a flood in your life without providing you a boat within which the storm itself is repelled, the waves ordered calm, and the course set undeterred."
"Sometimes you just want somebody to look at a thing with you and say, ""Yes. That is a thing you're looking at. You haven't lied to yourself."
"Without hope, or expectation, we are unable to move into the realm of faith."
"In Harmony with Nature, I accept my divinity, I am Free to Thrive, I am Alive"
Questions are the mind's way of trying to destroy a mystery.
"[...] the greater the love the greater the grief, and the stronger the faith the more savagely will Satan storm its fortress."
"I accept change, as I have absolute faith in myself and the universe to handle any situation I love and support myself Always no matter what"
"Embrace uncertainty, for it is the gateway to growth and possibility."
"I do not know how to heal the world, but I know that love is how we start."
And we must pray for a generation who will inherit a grief that they do not own.
And love in fact had kept us holy
What you can’t do lies far beyond what you think you can’t do.
There is a reward for staying in faith: We stay positioned for the moment of our miracle.
"What He did for the prodigal son, He will do for you, and He will also do it for those whom you are praying. Lost purpose will be recovered."
"We need hope ; to act, to live without hope goes beyond our strength. But we do not need more, and we must not be given more. We do not need certainty."
I put down Mr. Sheep Sheep. He props up on the dirt on a flat-panel bottom. His stubby round legs poke out in front of him. His arms reach out for a hug. I look in his black button eyes. They beg.
"The gift I offer you is always based on the principle of inclusivity, emphasizing that you are not alone in your troubles and challenges. Have faith, for this too shall pass"
The God-shaped void set in every heart rests in a perfectly preserved state in a place called the atheist.
"I watch unseen as she prays, kneeling on her prayer carpet, hands raised. Her fervour is palpable and I'm envious of it. She's part of a world I don't know, a world that seems kinder than mine."
"Love is the only thing we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy."
"the [Catholic] faith is absolutely satisfactory to the mind, enlisting all knowledge and all reason in its cause...it is completely compelling to any who give it an 'indifferent and quiet audience'."
"If the world controls your thinking, you are a conformer; if Christ controls your thinking , you are a transformer."
Faith is the conscious surrender that turns your despair into lessons of divine transformation.
"I don’t want to imagine great things, for that requires nothing more than imagination. Rather, I want to create great things, for that will require that I exercise faith in my imagination."
"Your faith, your trust, your belief, and your contemplation are what will enable your welfare. If your conduct is immoral then no blessings will work!"
"Never doubt and lose your faith in God. Never have negative thoughts about the results of your actions, because whatever God does is only for our true benefit."
Fear is the misery of the faithless soul.
Lack of faith renders all else anemic.
Mercy is the surprise that people don’t want because it means they have no way of predicting what God will do and to whom God will do it.
Some people will try to convince you to believe what they believe and ridicule you when you don’t.
My faith compelled me to do what I did. I wanted to live by my faith.
Great faith has very small beginnings!
"In the journey of faith, let your prayers be the compass that guides you through life's uncertainties."
"If a man turns his back on Christ when He speaks, the hour will come when he will ask and receive no answer."
The tiny ant can teach us enormous lessons about never giving up.
"With more Trees on Earth than Stars in the Milky way, Such a Blessing is life"
"We don't need to believe in a grand design to be good people, but we do need to be good people to create a grand design."
My wish will become Yano's wish...and his wish will become mine.
"The road to excellence starts with what you do best, continues with devotion and never really ends."
God’s love for us is Christ; Christ’s love for us is the cross; our love for God is loving others; and loving others is to point them to God’s love in Christ.
"God says, in effect, that if there is one fine thing about the world, as far as man are concerned, it is that it cannot be explained."
A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon.
"I need more guidance moving forward. I am stuck in the process, and I need your help. None of this is easy and I need you to show me what my next steps should be."
Be the light no one can ignore.
Healthy skepticism is also known as critical thinking. Our children need to see that our faith can withstand questions.
Mistakes can only be overturned by learning from them
"Mistakes give the perspective of seriousness, and only learning from them can overturn it."
"You lost your God so you cannot even pray, and anyway, prayer is just confessing one's desire and it's not that you don't know what you want, it's that you don't know what to do about it."
"In the tapestry of life, faith is the golden thread that weaves possibility into the fabric of our existence, making even the most intricate challenges attainable."
The exercise of faith is to risk moving beyond the logic of men and in doing so realizing that the real risk would have been not to move.
He saw darkness everywhere. Grace would see stars.
"As a child, I had a number of strong beliefs but little faith in God. There is a distinction between belief in a set of propositions and a faith which enables us to put our trust in them."
"With animals I feel I am Adam's son; the heir of him to whom dominion was given over ""every living thing that moveth upon the earth."
....was their expectation that faith ought to be painless. As if faith required no effort. Anyone could whip himself and say he's faithful. Real faith was earned through self-denial.
Love both wounds deeply and heals powerfully. And we dare not allow the wounds to crush our belief in the healing.
"I pray for Your guidance, and I ask that the small morsel of courage I feel right now grows and remains greater than any fear that may arise."
Even in the dark there remains a path.
The absence of hope is never the absence of hope.
God will demand everything of you lest He lose all of you.
Have better faith and things will get better
I am not Eve. Do not even come to me with thus says the Lord.
To Jesus they did much more.
"Faith is not merely a desire or a dream, as hope is, it’s an intelligence that lives within us, an unexplainable and unshakable knowing."
What’s most ironic about fear is that its gravest worry is not being able to love or be loved.
It's the spirit that's behind the words and the actions that matter. This new world we moving into will require us to pray harder. And without ceasing! Stay Woke
"Facts and fiction both are dreams. Facts are what fiction dreams to be, while fiction is the dream that facts have conquered."
"We don’t need to build a world of faith, We don’t need to build a world of logic. We just need to build a world human enough, To place without prejudice, all faith and logic."
Are you working with those that are reflecting authority or generating authority?
The finitude of pain arises from unwavering faith in love.
Jesus pointed to something that's irresistibly compelling because it's something immovably authentic.
"Many fervor, many faiths."
Easter is our tomorrow insured.
Easter is where every ending would forever be held hostage to a beginning.
"It was their duty, he'd say, to deliver the message: Faith lived in the darkest rooms."
"Revival had come to our hearts and home, and now we couldn’t help but share this with others."
"When you are helpless and know that the only answer for you and your marriage is Jesus, that’s the beginning of a transformation."
Embrace your inheritance in Jesus and activate the gifts of the Holy Spirit.
"Jesus wants to revive you—revive your heart, your home, and your community. Use Healing Rain book as a spiritual surfboard."
"Sickness may challenge us, but it doesn't define us. We are on a journey to encounter Jesus in the midst of our health challenges."
"Your first love with Jesus can be renewed when you make time for rest, reflection, and intimacy with Him. Let Him heal your heart and lead you into a life of joy and passion."
"Your past does not determine your future. God is still your healer, and He can renew your health and restore your youth."
You have been set free from your past mistakes and the soul-crushing weight of sin. The only way is moving forward.
Christmas was deliverance delivered.
"Everything in life is found by faith. And God, and happiness, and proof of something."
"What you don't believe in, you will never achieve."
Let ugly fates warn you that the goal cannot be reached by deception and evil deeds.
Darkness cannot extinguish the light. Only our lack of faith in the light can do that.
"If I could hear Christ praying for me in the next room, I would not fear a million enemies. Yet the distance makes no difference; he is praying for me."
The greatness of faith eclipses that of hope!
Vision is seeing what others can’t while fighting the people who believe that you don’t.
"Without the sacred, life has no breath."
"If you say it requires faith to see it's real, then you are admitting that it has nothing to do with reality."
Be allergic to giving up on your dreams.
"What's needed, is not the end of religion, but the end of religious intolerance."
"To say that oxygen doesn’t exist just because we can’t see it, is ignorance. To say a million other things doesn’t exist just because we can’t see them, is equally the same."
Sometimes our words become so familiar that we forget what they mean.
"Jehovah, Krishna or Avengers, Your belief counts for nothing. Higher than myths, both old and new, It's behavior that makes the being."
One should not have a blind faith in what they see.
How pathetic is the man who lives as if his existence is defined by the limitations of who he is within that existence.
Hope is necessary for success.
Now is not the time for cowardice.
Every day I draw from the wisdom of my grandmother.
"Faith groups restore our love of humanity. They remind us that people are not monsters, but balanced beings capable of both creation and destruction."
"Children are no different now than they were one-hundred years ago, but their circumstances are and how they are raised have vastly changed."
She didn't need to believe in God; it was entirely sufficient that God believed in her.
Faith. It is the unwavering belief in the unseen. A guiding light that illuminates our journey through the shadows of uncertainty. Keep it.
I Give Thanks to Thee For All that I See
"Miraculous living can be your everyday Christian life, just as it became mine."
"Do you not know that in a race all the runners run, but only one gets the prize? Run in such a way as to get the prize."
...Faith doesn't work without common sense.
No man can reach you without the cooperation of your faith
God’s word is settled in heaven forever; it takes faith to settle yours
But I can just feel she's glad she's a Christian and that she'd be one even if she could get to heaven without it.
"Everything, all external things are just a way of realizing the inner dimension within. for to open. Be it happiness, or love, or victory, or faith."
"The great librarians have all been religious men--monks, priests, rabbis-- and the stewardship of books is an act of homage and faith."
"We must not pin our faith to any man, however great; we too must become Buddhas and Christs."
Opportunities for growth will always arise during moments of change.
It is the abnegation of self-will that gives room for the gods to enter through saints.
Hope will ASSURE me today that I can ENDURE anything tomorrow because I am SECURE forever in Jesus Christ!
"As God and faith have been eroded from public popularity, so have good manners, mutual respect, and community involvement."
"Living out their faith helped women like my grandmother to be conscious of their thoughts, actions, and words."
"Faith is naturally interconnected with history, heritage, and culture."
"It seems as if faith and worship are so ingrained into humanity that even when people renounce God or some higher power, they still devoutly follow a spiritual leader."
"Without divine faith, people are more likely to prop unworthy individuals up on pedestals and blindly follow their commands regardless of how absurd their demands are."
We know there is more to life than what we see before us.
I was told that I shouldn’t pray in school because I might make the other kids uncomfortable.
"If faith in love were a source of energy, you could power a small planet."
"Light is active. Dark is passive. The definition of dark is: an attribute where there is no light. Darkness doesn't even exist, it's the absence of something that does exist."
"He, who expurgated the cord of faith and love, has no bearing in the scheme of life."
Action is the greatest prayer.
"Spreading scripture is not faithwork, Mumbling facts is not sciencework. True faith is kindness, True science is service. It takes a human to do lifework!"
"Faith. So much of our lives pivot on this one fundamental, spiritual truth. Without it we are adrift. Sometimes faith is the question, sometimes it is the answer, and sometimes it is both."
She said a prayer for patience. Sometimes I wonder if that's the prayer God hears from us most.
"Bible without benevolence is bogus, Church without reason makes SCOTUS. Faith without common sense, and intellect without sentiment, are both equally dangerous."
"Faith without common sense, and intellect without sentiment, are both equally dangerous."
No ritual deserves more respect than human rights do.
"I don't wanna rule nobody, I don't wanna indoctrinate nobody. But if your doctrine ruins another's rights, behind the excuse of imaginary sacred light, I shall be your worst blasphemous enemy."
"The now is where our faith intersects with our lives, where each day is another step on that journey of faith."
"Faith without common sense, and intellect without sentiment, are both equally dangerous."
"I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith."
Faith is boosted through a repeated affirmation of your desire in action.
"I haven't thanked you properly for saving my life."" She faced him. ""I didn't save your life. God did."" ""Yes, I know Jesus saved me, but He used you to do it."
"I always have a plan. Now, whether it’s a good plan can only be determined after it’s implemented."
"Thief, caring friend, purloiner of treats—what’s the difference?” “According to my vocabulary knowledge—which, apparently, is far superior to yours—there’s quite a bit of difference."
"The road had not been easy, and pain and thorns littered the path she trod, but during the entire tear-filled journey, He had not forsaken her."
It's never too late to ask for forgiveness. We have a Maker who's already made a way.
Trusting God wholeheartedly during difficult times in life can be your superpower.
Everything that is due to me is going to be given to me.
"We're caught in an endless cycle of 'what if', where all we can do is take the next step and see where that leads."
"If they come and burn your hut and chase you away, of course you suffer, but if you know how to go back to your true home, you will not lose your faith."
"Not ""Why me?"" ""What's Next!"
And he said... ...your gods will never forgive you for killing their children.
The light at the end of the tunnel doesn’t matter if you’re going backwards.
"Truly, the darkness will pass, but it is your light that will break its hold on this moment."
"Christ must be brought into every square inch of the world and the culture, but one’s faith must be shining and bright and pure and robust."
"When there is a ‘collective concentration’ (consider it a form of Energy) gets focused at some objective, the object becomes a ‘source of Energy’."
"When there is a ‘collective concentration’ (consider it a form of Energy) gets focused at some Object, the Onject becomes a ‘source of Energy’."
"Sometimes you aren’t meant to worry about the 'how'. Instead, you are being called to focus on taking things step-by-step. One foot in front of the other. It’s all coming together."
"When you’re being tested the most, is when the breakthrough will come."
"Despite the fear and unfaithfulness of his followers, Jesus’ love never faltered, for it was not dependent on the merit and virtue and the qualifications of those he loved."
the thing about having faith is that even as it hurts you hope even as you cry you pray
If God did not exist it would be necessary to invent Him. But all nature cries aloud that He does exist.
"Mi niña, yes. I believe we should accept all actions that are carried out in good faith and with a loving heart."" Mami"
"While others are congratulating themselves, I lie humbly at the foot of Christ's cross and marvel that I am saved at all."
"Hold everything earthly with a loose hand, but grasp eternal things with a death-like grip."
Missy and a life filled with love and happy obscurity? Or a title and the means to change the lives of hundreds of orphaned children and homeless in Andelar? He couldn’t have both. Was love worth it?
She wanted to erase every memory of him from her head. She wanted to forget how right it had felt being in his arms and how her heart had raced when she thought he was going to kiss her.
Just because he was a prince didn't make his life a fairy tale. And just because he wore a crown didn't mean he was entitled to a happily ever after.
"Repentance and faith are inseparable companions on the path to redemption, distinct yet indivisible."
And he said... ...The wind shall not move unless you will it.
Give us one free miracle and we’ll explain the rest.
"Faith in that belief, even just for a moment, is all it takes for everything to change."
"And he said... ...faith in one's heart shall bring peace, but religion in man's hands will bring war."
And he said... ...who shall wash the raindrops?
Grow where you're planted!
"Carry no baggage, you cannot move forward living off the hurt from the past."
"Time is a serious phenomena, unending nights and days. Why use finite numbers (calendar) to measure endless time? Man needs a break and some excitement."
Faith comes by hearing; but the quality and originality of what you hear birth your future.
Some callings come to you only in memory. Some come only on the mouth of someone you trust. Some don’t need to be heard in order to be lived. And not all calls come from outside of you.
"But doubt is a sign of faith: it tests and humbles you, allows newness into your life. Best of all, doubt banishes the stifling effect of certainty. Certainty kills curiosity and change."
"In the real world, people comfort themselves with ignorance, politics, and faith"
"O Lord, everything good in me is due to you. The rest is my fault."
Life schools you the way no catechism will.
"Maybe doing what gives you joy is what you’re “supposed” to do, and the benefit to others will follow in ways you don’t understand."
"Faith tethered solely to books and not the heart, inadvertently becomes a breeding ground of superstition, bigotry and prejudice."
"You need the courage to face yourself, time to heal old wounds, and faith in yourself and your intuitive healing abilities."
...Life is not meant to be easy. It's meant to be something that makes us cling to God. ~Logan
The love of Lord surpasses all understanding.
Great is the Lord's mercies.
Don’t judge God by the people who follow Him.
"*God, give me faith like my grandmother’s, faith like a child’s, faith as a mustard seed that nevertheless can move a mountain.*"
"Your job is to do what God wants you to do: be a provider for your family and be happy, joyous, and free. If you aren't joyous, happy, and free, you aren't doing Goď's work for you."
If someone doesn't have a little affection for you، don't wait for faith.
To plan a vision is to kill it before you have the chance to dream it.
"When all else fails, laugh at the quandary. When all else fails, laugh at yourself. When all else fails, love as is."
"He will always provide for His children, but it may not be in the manner we wish."
"I see. You’re that type.” “Just what type is that?” ""The humorless type. I hear it’s an incurable affliction."
"If God's goodness is inconsistent with hurting us, then either God is not good or there is no God: for in the only life we know He hurts us beyond our worst fears and beyond all we can imagine"
"She had been able to bear not knowing a thing when she could be sure that God knew, but now..."
"Her grief had felt so heavy and she had wanted to find somewhere to put it, a container big enough and strong enough and old enough to hold it. She'd wanted to share it."
How can I keep faith that things will get better when they only seem to get worse?
"The Lord has provided for us all these years, so why would He stop now?"
"Just because we can’t completely comprehend it doesn’t mean we cant apprehend it and this is not against reason, it’s just maybe beyond reason."
"Success may not have been ‘around the corner,’ but the fact that I persisted until I was is success."
"Belief isn’t simply a thing for fair times and bright days, I think. What is belief—what is faith—if you don’t continue it after failure?"
"Sometimes it feels easier to change our beliefs about God rather than do the emotional, spiritual, and physical work necessary to explore the dissonance."
I found it hard to have faith in anything without knowledge of it.
"Through all the changing scenes of life, the Lord still reigns."
"Every condition is set to bring a change, if only the spirit stays strong by holding fast to firm faith."
God's will is enforced on the earth when we pray God's Word
"Sometimes, if you do not lose hope and keep up your faith — come what may — then, life offers you a second chance. It rewards you with miracles and your dreams become your reality."
The Sovereign LORD is our Saviour.
"The Beginning allows us to walk through the fire, but He is forever holding our hand through that fire. It is not by our own strength we persevere, but His."
"I soon shall see you again in heaven, where we shall all be happy; and that consoles me, going as I am to suffer ignominy and death."
"It was a risk, trusting the Beginning. But it was a risk he must take."
Belief is a powerful lens; it can shape the world world to it.
"Ministry is about changing the world by transforming the people within it, not by giving them some sort of emotional sedative."
"If you know how the LORD God has lead you, you are confident of all His precious promises which He fulfills in His perfect time."
"A man's testimony is great. But God's testimony is the greatest, which is the word of God, the only truth there is."
"Till religion and oneness become one, no religion can do good."
"if the creator of the universe is spending all his time watching you, it must surely be because he loves you"
"My James knew the power of a love story, as well as I do,"" said Tessa. ""No matter how dark and hopeless the world seemed, Lucie could always find beauty in a story."
"You’ve got a right to be mad, but I want you to know that God was with you through it all, even when you couldn’t see him."
"Pride is a gateway sin that offers an open doorway for our enemy to drop in and tell us just how great we are, and how we really don't need God."
Humility is not thinking less of yourself. Humility is thinking of yourself less. We can be courageous and contrite at the same time.
You will never know all that your life can be until you hand it over to the One who gave you life.
Two simple words that will take you far in life: thank you. Don’t underestimate their power.
"My job was simple: have faith through the storm, be determined in my actions, smart in my decisions, trusting of my instinct, and free from worrying about whether I succeeded or failed."
"As we move through the seasons we are in, we move knowing that another is always to follow and the process repeats as we move through the years."
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.
Lord your testimonies are very true.
"Speak to yourself with clarity, Speak to yourself with confidence, Speak to yourself with faith and all the intelligence."
"The Lord lends us a body, gives us an assignment, and sends us down. When we get the job done, the Lord calls us home again for the next assignment."
A daily remedy is to prevent disease by having the greatness of God in your heart.
Patience is one of the hardest skills in life to acquire; and waiting is one of the hardest tasks to comply with when you have a desire. Wait. Hope. Pray.
You are not truly faithful if you don't know what is faith.
How can yo develop faith if you are not asking and receiving?
"Train, train, train, Put yourself to the test. Under sun or rain, With no reason nor rest. Without feeling pain You'll always be the best!"
Beauty blooms when you are true to who God created you to be.
My faith is strong but it's not a playground for you to tap dance on.
"In all its manifestations, love is our beginning"
"One cannot love, an image, a dead likeness, it will never give back, the real you, or let you see, the inside heart. When Angels Speak of LOVE-Poem 25"
"If God built the ship, lifeboats are unnecessary. However, if men built the ship lifeboats are also unnecessary simply because none of them will float any better than the ship."
"Faith does play an important role in Buddhism, including in Zen: faith as preliminary trust and ultimately faith as true self-confidence."
Have faith in the future. Your future is as bright as your faith.
Fearless faith is the force of life.
If only I still had faith in words.
No betrayal is so big that God’s commitment to us and presence within us is not bigger.
The folly of fools and look warm will cry out and die to their fate but the wise will pledged a sign of hope instate not all goes wrong needless the past sake
Those who are true in HEART are firm in the faith.
"Theology is my second faith, My first faith is interfaith."
"Hope hews a bright tomorrow on the surface of a dark, dry rock"
"I might have my holes, but the healing of today means that they will be smaller in every tomorrow, including the one that is now only hours away."
"If God used only perfect men, the Bible would have been a self-titled autobiography called - Jesus - From Death to Life."
Not everyone can have my level of adventure.
"Our almosts are God's way of letting us know there is something more to our life— and it's about to surpass what you've asked for, even greater than what you've desired before. Have faith."
Faith is faithfulness to a faithful God
History is replete with turning points. You must have faith that the universe will unfold as it should - Spock
History is replete with turning points. You must have faith that the universe will unfold as it should - Spock - Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
"I know everything feels a bit hopeless right now, but don't lose faith. Your greatest achievements often grow out of the worst circumstances."
Piety in regard to the dead: to do everything for what does not exist.
The old religion had nearly ceased to be a faith; at most it was a mere habit of thought and expression
"In the end, nothing is bad in believing if saves you."
The Holy Scriptures are facts that gives faith.
faith is as necessary as facts.
"Intellect is not the answer, Belief is not the answer. These only amplify what we really are, Good becomes great, jerk becomes jerker."
"Many fervor, many faiths, thus the world is made. World without secularism is world of the dead."
"Even when I can't see the sun, the Son is always in my vision."
"I am with you. I will carry you, no matter what. Ask Me, and I will move mountains for you. I will fill the empty spaces in your heart. That is My promise to you."
"Well, you don’t see yourself as a bad cat owner any more. You looked after him as well as he could have been looked after."
"Why, if nobody believed anything except what they understood, how limited we'd be!"
"Even if a mirror shatters terribly, it will continue to show reflection through those pieces. It's a gentle reminder that experiences can break your life, but can never change your true purpose."
"The more you ask for,"" she'd say, ""the better. Because it means you put your faith in something greater than yourself."
"And there’s humanity in a glimpse—we’ve always got a copper for a stone idol, but none for the beggar in its shadow."
Fighting to hold on to what God said to let go of is an outright denial of His omniscience.
"In this impermanent world, keep immense trust in the divine. Where there is the divine, there is Jaya or victory. There is no second thoughts to this."
The fortitude of life is faith in God.
I'll put my faith into nutrition!
Faith is the Superpower in Us
Fear is being afraid of what could happen and having it prevent you from trying. Faith is knowing that you will come through it no matter what happens because you are confident in yourself.
"Heavenly Father, you are the whisperer of ideas and instructions. You are the Giver."
Life is a leap in the dark but faith is the light that will see you through.
My love. We’re all dead. All our days are numbered. That’s the beauty of what Christ did for us—dying so that we could finally taste real life. Pouring Himself out so that we could be filled.
Faith overcomes feelings.
Faith conquers fears.
A man conquers his fears by growing in faith.
There is no Divine Helper like heavenly Father.
Strategy and physics are in every aspect of life. Think before you act. - Terri Clifton
"The most interesting journey, conversations, and life, always end prematurely."
Socrates said that the unexamined life is not worth living. I think it applies to faith as well. The unexamined faith is not worth believing.
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present."
"You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one."
"Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly."
"I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars."
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.
"If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is."
"The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater."
"They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for."
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
"But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars."
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
"Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed."
"The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy."
"Hope Smiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'..."
"The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof."
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.
"I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains."
"Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic."
"Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily."
There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.
Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Hope is a waking dream.
"When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope."
"We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate."
"This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today."
"There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.' No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster."
My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.
"If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person."
It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars.
"We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss."
"Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper."
"When it was dark, you always carried the sun in your hand for me."
"Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies."
"Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars"
We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreperably broken.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
"The road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination."
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
"For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach."
"Books are finite, sexual encounters are finite, but the desire to read and to fuck is infinite; it surpasses our own deaths, our fears, our hopes for peace."
"When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on."
"Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens"
"The heart dies a slow death, shedding each hope like leaves until one day there are none. No hopes. Nothing remains."
"We need hope, or else we cannot endure."
Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.
"Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other"
"It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not."
The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man
"I mean, at the end of the day, what the hell does it matter who I end up with if it can't be you?"
It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.
"To hear the phrase ""our only hope"" always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn't work, there is nothing left."
"One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world."
"But hoping,"" he said, ""is how the impossible can be possible after all."
"Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone"
How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
"Yesterday is but a dream, Tomorrow is only a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope."
"Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden."
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.
"I laugh because I must not cry, that is all, that is all."
"Hope, in reality, is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man."
"Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')"
"There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope."
"I’m here not because I am supposed to be here, or because I’m trapped here, but because I’d rather be with you than anywhere else in the world."
"If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment."
Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.
"If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it."
You might think I lost all hope at that point. I did. And as a result I perked up and felt much better.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
"It's the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee."
"Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed."
"She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on."
"Hope itself is like a star- not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity."
"One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’."
"Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature."
At what point do you give up - decide enough is enough? There is only one answer really. Never.
"Hope is not about proving anything. It's about choosing to believe this one thing, that love is bigger than any grim, bleak shit anyone can throw at us."
"All of sudden, this shooting star went by, and all I could think was that they were listening to us somehow."
"Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim. (I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.) (Gilraen's linnod)"
The artist's job is not to succumb to despair but to find an antidote for the emptiness of existence.
"As long as the sun’s shining, shit can’t be that bad."
"Hope is a difficult thing to kill, just a spark of it can start a fire."
"Out of doubt, out of dark to the day's rising I came singing into the sun, sword unsheathing. To hope's end I rode and to heart's breaking: Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall!"
"God is the Cure, Love is the Answer"
Then you must teach my daughter this same lesson. How to lose your innocence but not your hope. How to laugh forever.
Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.
"Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow."
The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
"But you can build a future out of anything. A scrap, a flicker. The desire to go forward, slowly, one foot at a time. You can build an airy city out of ruins."
"With every mistake, we must surely be learning."
"Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home."
"There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't."
"Everyone must dream. We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that's like saying you can never change your fate. Isn't that true?"
Anything under God's control is never out of control.
"To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect"
I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.
"May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears."
There is a secret medicine given only to those who hurt so hard they can't hope. The hopers would feel slighted if they knew.
Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.
Hopes are like hair ornaments. Girls want to wear too many of them. When they become old women they look silly wearing even one.
"A girl has to have a beautiful smile, Beautiful eyes and she should have a good sense of humor. She should be honest, loving and trustworthy."
"Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be."
"No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere."
"O, wonder! How many goodly creatures are there here! How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!"
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.
A man devoid of hope and conscious of being so has ceased to belong to the future.
"It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up."
What I want is so simple I almost can't say it: elementary kindness.
"That's everyone's dream, isn't it, really? Instead of many who give you little pieces of themselves-one who gives you everything."
"If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind?"
"Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together."
"The gospel is this: We are more sinful and flawed in ourselves than we ever dared believe, yet at the very same time we are more loved and accepted in Jesus Christ than we ever dared hope."
Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
A great hope fell You heard no noise The ruin was within.
You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.
She wondered that hope was so much harder then despair.
"Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for."
"And books, they offer one hope -- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved."
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
"Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings."
"The sooner you make a mistake and learn to live with it, the better. You're not responsible for everything. You can't control the way things end up."
You'll stop hurting when you stop hoping.
"It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive."
How foolish to believe we are more powerful than the sea or the sky.
Death is unstoppable. One must face it as a fact of life
"Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong."
Poets are damned… but see with the eyes of angels.
"Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world."
"In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope."
Hope was tricky like water. Somehow it always found a way in.
Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.
"Farewell Hope, and with Hope farewell Fear"
"We yearned for the future. How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability?"
The thing the sixties did was to show us the possibilities and the responsibility that we all had. It wasn't the answer. It just gave us a glimpse of the possibility.
"I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing."
"People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real. If that's the case, what does it matter whether people in them actually lived?"
"In these times I don't, in a manner of speaking, know what I want; perhaps I don't want what I know and want what I don't know."
Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.
"You can't eat hope,' the woman said. You can't eat it, but it sustains you,' the colonel replied."
"To be running breathlessly, but not yet arrived, is itself delightful, a suspended moment of living hope."
"Hope springs eternal in the human breast; Man never Is, but always To be blest. The soul, uneasy, and confin'd from home, Rests and expatiates in a life to come."
"Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!"
Tell me there is still good in the world. Tell me there is still hope for all of us.
"What hope is there?"" I asked. ""If even angels fall, what hope is there for the rest of us?"
Faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened.
"While there's life, there's hope."
"The future is uncertain, but that can be a good thing."
"I think sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we’re imagining it. Because it is the most painful kind of hope there is."
But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
"I really don't even know you, and yet, in my life, you are forever entangled; to my history, inextricably bound."
Hope is a force of nature. Don't let anyone tell you different.
"Whether we wound or are wounded, the blood that flows is red."
"I wanted to see the place where Margaret grew to what she is, even at the worst time of all, when I had no hope of ever calling her mine."
We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.
The difference between hope and despair is a different way of telling stories from the same facts.
The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.
I want him to love me as much as I love him.
"Pray, hope, and don't worry. Worry is useless. God is merciful and will hear your prayer."
"...and that's when I get to wondering, what would happen if I told her she something good, ever day?"
"Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst."
Darkness does not leave us easily as we would hope.
We carry within us the wonders we seek without us.
Broken heart will turn into a stronger one within hope.
what am i to you he asks i put my hands in his lap and whisper you are every hope i've ever had in human form
The past is made out of facts... I guess the future is just hope.
in a woman's womb. another chance. to make the world better.
"To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope, and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed."
"No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?"
"While the heart beats, hope lingers."
"In the midst of winter, I find within me the invisible summer..."
Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.
"If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you."
"Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it."
"Nothing but a symbol? People die for symbols. People have hope because of symbols. They're not just lines. They're histories, cultures, traditions, given shape."
The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.
Tell me what’s the difference between hope and waiting because my heart doesn’t know It constantly cuts itself on the glass of waiting It constantly gets lost in the fog of hope
You call it hope — that fire of fire! It is but agony of desire.
"Some of us walk around with a necklace of hope, an armour of sanity, but at the end of the day, they always come off. We reveal our naked, vulnerable, real selves."
"Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope"
"She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken."
youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.
Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside.
People have hope because they cannot see Death standing behind them.
Euripedes. Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything.
Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.
Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.
"We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God."
"Una Salus Victis Nullam Sperare Salutem - (Latin - written 19 BC) The only hope for the doomed, is no hope at all..."
We can be redeemed only to the extent to which we see ourselves.
"While there is tea, there is hope."
Don't despair: despair suggests you are in total control and know what is coming. You don't - surrender to events with hope.
We all give up great expectations along the way.
"To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness"
It is hard to explain the savagery of hope.
"The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss."
"when you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth- that hero lies in you."
"The music of hope is everywhere, but to hear it, you need to ignore the muddy jangle of life's hassles."
"I can hardly wait for tomorrow, it means a new life for me each and every day."
All cannot be lost when there is still so much being found
"We were planting seeds of change, the fruit of which we might never see. We had to be patient."
Failure is a greater teacher than success
Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances that we know to be desperate.
"Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed."
"But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of."
"It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right."
Hope is the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard.
"Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself."
"It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had."
"It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of."
"I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you."
To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.
"History says, Don’t hope On this side of the grave, But then, once in a lifetime The longed-for tidal wave Of justice can rise up, And hope and history rhyme"
There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
"Maybe friendship is being the guardian of another person's hope. Leave it with me and I'll look after it for a while , if it feels too heavy for now."
"Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope."
"We are more than the worst thing that's ever happened to us. All of us need to stop apologizing, for having been to hell and come back breathing."
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
"Hope always comes after evil has done its work. We cannot keep living on hope, though. (Box of Pandora)"
"Your Heavenly Father’s love elevates you to a place where you can dream big dreams— where you can live with purpose, unafraid."
To be truly radical is to make hope possible rather than despair convincing
"It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle."
"Once you choose hope, anything's possible."
"Love is hope and expectation. If many want to pencil it in, some don’t dare to ink it in, because love also means mystery and enigma. ( "" Love as dizzy as a cathedral"")"
"When you don't know where you're going, you drive on the highway."
"Sometimes my fancy gets to floating inside me, threatening to carry me away like a leaf on a wind. Better to be a stone."
"The past is with me; the present is here. The future is unmapped and changeable. Ours for the imagining: spreading out before us. Sunlight filled, deep blue, and the darkness."
And the open road rolled out in front of us.
"When scorching passion only leaves ashes of unfulfilled dreams, hope may entice the sprinkling magic of our imagination into livening up the footlights on a new stage of life. (""Taken for a ride"")"
A female’s right to choose must be sacrosanct!
"But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence; the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of."
"You never really know what's coming. A small wave, or maybe a big one. All you can really do is hope that when it comes, you can surf over it, instead of drown in its monstrosity."
"If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all. And so today I still have a dream."
"I am heartbroken, but I have been heartbroken before, and this might be the best for which I can hope."
"When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself."
There is nothing more majestic than the determined courage of individuals willing to suffer and sacrifice for their freedom and dignity.
"He'd do what he always did, find the sweet among the bitter."
"We hold our dreams and ideals close to our hearts, where the promises are made to the future generations."
"Religion, n. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable."
"Where there are bees there are flowers, and wherever there are flowers there is new life and hope."
Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.
Love doesn't come with an on-off switch. It's made of too many threads of memory and hope and heartache that weave themselves into the very core of who you are.
Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.
"Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either."
What you focus on and the way you think will determine the way you live.
The created a displacement devise that separated solids into fragmented molecules.
"Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it."
I inhale hope with every breath I take.
The only way I knew how to live the best day ever was on an expedition.
"The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses."
"And remember: you must never, under any circumstances, despair. To hope and to act, these are our duties in misfortune."
I will always seek to make it summer for you.
"To hope for nothing, to expect nothing, to demand nothing. This is analytical despair."
"Donde termina el arco iris, en tu alma o en el horizonte? Where does the rainbow end, in your soul or on the horizon?"
Hope keeps you alive.
"It will get easier each time, I think. I hope. I just have to keep trying."
"Paul wasn’t too sure about a half nibbled peanut, quite some parting gift, he thought."
"That’s the problem with letting the light in—after it’s been taken away from you, it feels even darker than it was before."
"The human soul has still greater need of the ideal than of the real. It is by the real that we exist, it is by the ideal that we live."
"Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope."
"We should never despair. Beyond, there is hope! In the meantime, there is resilience. (""Waiting for Eureka"")"
"Blind, broke, jobless, and frustrated, Kevin found it difficult to get through the following few months. But he had one big thing going for him. He was sober. It was a new beginning."
Always it’s Spring)and everyone’s in love and flowers pick themselves.
Hope was an instinct only the reasoning human mind could kill. An animal never knew despair.
"Hope means you keep on holding to things that won't ever be so again, and so you bleed an inch at a time until there's nothing left."
"Good luck, everyone. Good luck to us all. And may we meet again on distant shores. Some place fine and far from here."
"Dark clouds bring waters, when the bright bring none."
"Perhaps the most liberating moment in my life was when I realized that my self-loathing was not a product of my inadequacy but, rather, a product of my thoughts."
You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.
I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.
"I am, and always will be, the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes, and the dreamer of improbable dreams."
I am not afraid to die; I am only afraid of saying goodbye to you forever.
"We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light."
"Well and good if all things change, O Lord God, provided I am rooted in You."
When you get ill do not get nervous about it and try as much as possible to be hopeful.
"It felt like I'd been living underground, and for a moment, I'd been given this glimpse of the sky. Once you've seen that, how can you go back where you came from?"
"Because hope comes from in you, and wishes are just magic."
"She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart."
"You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that."
"The rest is just wishes and hope, the most fragile of things."
"Hope is a dangerous thing, Raisa thought. Once kindled, it's hard to put out. It makes wise people into fools."
"...we must be a beacon of hope, because if you tell people there's nothing they can do, they will do worse than nothing."
Let there be room left in your heart for the unimaginable ~ serendipity has a way of showing itself just when you feel like giving up.
Maybe it's not too late to learn how to love and forget how to hate.
Despair is a free man—hope is a slave.
I’ll make a swing so I can reach the places I can’t reach yet.
Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.
"Dead my old fine hopes And dry my dreaming but still... Iris, blue each spring"
Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.
Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.
Is there a chance? A fragment of light at the end of the tunnel? A reason to fight? Is there a chance you may change your mind? Or are we ashes and wine?
"She felt love, like the love that she had always known existed behind every fallen autumn leaf, behind the gurgling of springs, and behind the kisses of her parents."
"A thousand desperate wishes have been spoken on these shores, and in the end they were all the same: Make me someone new."
"Her lips silently formed three words, oh my love."
Being different isn't a bad thing. It means you're brave enough to be yourself - Luna Lovegood
"You did anything to bury me, but you forgot that I was a seed."
But she loves me. Me. Just the way I am.
"But once in a while the odd thing happens, Once in a while the dream comes true, And the whole pattern of life is altered, Once in a while the moon turns blue."
"People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real."
"When we see a mountain too hard to climb, God helps us climb it but in His own time."
"When we think our countless ideas are great, God knows His ideas are best when we wait."
You can break a man with hope.
"But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic."
"But hope rises like water trapped by a dam, higher and higher, in increments that mean nothing until you face the flood."
"I embraced a cloud, but when I soared it rained."
"How fortunate we were who still had hope I did not then realise; I could not know how soon the time would come when we should have no more hope, and yet be unable to die"
"My pride shut me up, my hurt shut me down, and together they ganged up on my hope and let her get away."
I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.
"There is always a part of my mind that is preparing for the worst, and another part of my mind that believes if I prepare enough for it, the worst won’t happen."
"[Y]ou may live in the world as it is, but you can still work to create the world as it should be."
When we see grey clouds and lightning causing a storm; God shows us His rainbow in its most beautiful form.
A person can do incredible things if he or she has enough hope.
"Peanut was a hamster. He was furry, had four legs, a big tummy and his favourite food was, you guessed it, peanuts"
Nothing is predestined. The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
"Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead, but had by the will of our Lord Jesu into another place; and men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross."
"It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past."
"One of the most amazing things that we often forget is this: God never forgets us! Face it; you could hide under a rock, BUT, God will still be beside you saying, ""Rock bottom, already?"
I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.
"Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire."
"We look into each other's eyes as we shake. His are still full of death and horror, but in them I see my face reflected, and inside my tiny eyes inside his, I think I see some hope."
A weak but steady throb lay beneath Kev's searching fingertips. Win's heartbeat...the pulse that sustained his universe.
"To say goodbye, is to die a little. To say good morning, is a hope for a new sunshine in a cloudy winter."
"Life must go on, even if it's no joke...just pretend to believe in the future."
"My grandpa had a saying before he died: You can hope in one hand, shit in the other, and see which is filled first."
Your hope is the most beautiful and the saddest in the world.
"If you do not expect the unexpected, you will not find it; for it is hard to be sought out and difficult."
"In your heart, you will always be African, but in America you are a Black American. It is possible and desirable to be both."
Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.
Hang in there. It is astonishing how short a time it can take for very wonderful things to happen.
"There is nothing new under the sun, but there are new suns."
"Everybody’s damaged. It’s just a question of how badly, and whether you’re healing or still bleeding."
"I hope that someday when I am gone, someone, somewhere, picks my soul up off of these pages and thinks, ""I would have loved her."
"Sometimes we create such powerful illusions, so that we do not get lost in the darkness."
"Some day soon,"" Lance said, ""you'll walk out of here and have to decide how you're going to live the rest of your lives. Will you be defined by what other people see, or by the essence of your soul?"
Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy
Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.
"Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for."
"If it were not for hopes, the heart would break."
"Okay then, the blood has dried into the shirt so as I cut it away, it may sting some as I pull it away. Can you be brave for me?"
"In their hearts, they know that we are all created equal in the eyes of God and the universe. Whoever thinks otherwise will never be happy."
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
"The problem with hope, Anne finds through the years, is that it gets your hopes up. But hopelessness is worse."
Courage will now be your best defence against the storm that is at hand-—that and such hope as I bring.
"Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well."
That’s what winter is: an exercise in remembering how to still yourself then how to come pliantly back to life again.
"[Iris] squeezed his hand. ""Don't lose hope, Frank. Rainbows always stand for hope."
Only those who still have hope can benefit from tears.
"In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none."
The morning was full of sunlight and hope.
"Walking through darkness with thoughts full of colors""."
"What's so good about giving up? Is it better to escape from reality, to the point where you're throwing away your hope?"
"It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers."
Perhaps a wish was just a hope with better aim.
We're going to find time for happiness. Because how can we stand against tyranny if we ourselves are filled with hate?
"I have come,"" said a deep voice behind them. They turned and saw the Lion himself, so bright and real and strong that everything else began at once to look pale and shadowy compared with him."
Hope can get you through anything.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
God dances with the outcast.
"Being a cheerful hobbit, he had not needed hope, as long as despair could be postponed."
"It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow."
"A great battle is a terrible thing,"" the old knight said, ""but in the midst of blood and carnage, there is sometimes also beauty, beauty that could break your heart."
"Hope,"" Frank grumbled. ""I'd rather have a few good weasels."
"If there’s hope, then let’s move."
"Tomorrow, you promise yourself, things will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today. And you disappoint yourself again and again."
Go make your mark on the world. Be a world changer! Live bold for Christ no matter the cost.
To travel hopefully is better than to have arrived.
"...[M]y inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose. I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life."
"If someone doesn't care to accept you, respect you, believe in you, don't hesitate to move on and let them go. There are many who love and appreciate you just the way you are."
"We are mosaics - pieces of light, love, history, stars -- glued together with magic and music and words."
Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.
Discovering dance and its power to heal my soul played a key role in my survival.
That's what we storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again.
"The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me."
"It is stupid to hope, but sometimes hope is all you have."
"In an age of hope men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens."" In an age of hopelessness they call it simply “space."
"As long as there's life, there's hope."
"For what it's worth: it's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, and if you find you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over again."
Love is only one fine star away.
We need never be without hope because we can never be irreparably broken.
There is hope in forgiveness
Anything seems possible at night when the rest of the world has gone to sleep.
"Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air...but only for one second without hope."
"I came to the conclusion that unrealized hopes, even small ones, were always wrenching."
The music of hope is everywhere. All you have to do is listen for it.
"Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you. I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us."
"I have hope for you, if only because you're the only one left to hope for."
"No matter how dark and hopeless a situation may seem, always hold on and never give up your dream."
With the need for the self in the time of another / I left my seaport grim and dear / knowing good work could be made / in the state governed by both Hope and Despair.
Standing up for your human rights is what you must always do.
Stink bugs are temporary. Love is forever.
"We truly believed in something back then, and we knew we were the kind of people capable of believing in something - with all our hearts. And that kind of hope will never simply vanish."
"I find peace when I'm confused, I find hope when I'm let down, not in me but in you."
She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.
"True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings."
"And as I watched him, I knew that in every dark night there was, somewhere, a small light burning that could never be quenched."
"No one knows for sure that that tomorrow won't come, but most people assume that tomorrow will still exist as usual. This is Toba's Paradox, which means, hope overcomes doubt."
I have spoken words of hope. But only of hope. Hope is not victory.
"Fair as the moon and joyful as the light; Tot wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim; Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright; Not as she is, but as she fills his dreams."
"If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though."
"To them I was first a Black, then a Black from another country, and then a person."
There is no such thing as immunity from the joy or pain of the past.
"Become your own soulmate. Then you'll always have someone watching your back, and you'll always have someone who loves you."
"Relationships with narcissists are held in place by hope of a “someday better,” with little evidence to support it will ever arrive."
I should have been bolder and kissed her at the end. I should have been more cautious. I had talked too much. I had said too little.
"No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!"
"for now, almost was good enough"
Nor dread nor hope attend A dying animal; A man awaits his end Dreading and hoping all.
Might. Is there any opiate more powerful than that word?
"He who plants a tree, plants a hope."
What hurts so bad about youth isn't the actual butt whippings the world delivers. It's the stupid hopes playacting like certainties.
You make the rest of the beautiful things in the world cry for even trying at all. You make it hard for me to breathe.
"God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless."
"You'll be okay. No matter what shape reality takes, you can handle it."
We can be friends. We can be anything we want to be.
In some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation with all their scintillating beauty.
"Behind the veil of each night, there is a smiling dawn."
"That was their way, their heathenish hope; deep in their hearts they remembered hell."
"Men are more resilient than that, I think. Our belief is often strongest when it should be weakest. That is the nature of hope."
I'm beginning to think that to hope isn't the same as to expect something. To hope is to believe that life is an acceptable chaos.
"The restless spirit never loses its wings. If sometimes it cannot fly, it is because during those moments the sky vanishes."
You're not defeated when you lose a battle. You are defeated when you give up the struggle
"You know, there is a thin line between hope and confidence. What separates the two is rationality."
"God, there must be a meaning. Fiercely he was certain that there must be a meaning. Surely, while we live we are not lost. Oh Janos, Janos my brother! Surely we are not lost--while we live."
"Intimidated, old traumas triggered, and fearing for my safety, I did what I felt I needed to do."
Hope is holding on to the promises of God.
"Per-haps every can of cashews has a fake snake lurking, but you keep opening them, stupidly, because in your heart of hearts you still believe in cashews."
"You can tell people of the need to struggle, but when the powerless start to see that they really can make a difference, nothing can quench the fire."
At what point in our lives do we stop blurring? When do we become crisp individuals? What must we do in order to end these fuzzy identities - to clarify just who it is we really are? -Richard
Its dark and I’m reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.
"Life isn't just about darkness or light, rather it's about finding light within the darkness."
"If you lose all hope, you can always find it again."
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars."
"If you hit bottom, there's a whole lot of people here to help you up"
The cruelest thing you can do to a person who's living in panic is to offer him or her hope that turns out false. When the crash comes its intolerable.
"Men and women are not limited by the place of their birth, not by color of their skin, but by the size of their hope."
"You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free."
"... back then the sky seemed so vast. And now the sky above me... is low, and narrow, and heavy."
Things doesn't always start out the way we want them to. It's how they end that's important.
"Hope is sweet. Hope is illumining. Hope is fulfilling. Hope can be everlasting. Therefore, do not give up hope, Even in the sunset of your life."
"Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good."
"Yes, the world is full of unspeakable cruelty. But the answer wasn't to never feel hope, or bliss, or love-but to savor every fleeting, precious second of those feelings when they came."
Keep fighting for love.
And I sometimes think that a moment of touching is the difference between complete utter despair and the ability to carry on.
"In life, things can always go wrong, So always keep your heart strong, Carry on, and never give up hope."
"I like the immaterial world. I like to live among thoughts and images of the past and the possible, and even of the impossible, now and then."
ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT: THE PAIN YOU'VE BEEN FEELING WILL SOON GO AWAY.. ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT: JOY IS ON THE WAY.
"WHEN YOU'RE FEELING DOWN, ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT THE PAIN YOU'VE BEEN FEELING, WILL SOON GO AWAY, AND JOY IS ON THE WAY."
"NEVER LOSE HOPE AS THE PAIN YOU'VE BEEN FEELING, WILL SOON GO AWAY, AND JOY IS ON THE WAY."
"She knew then that white was more than a color: It was a cold, pale shade of understanding that seems to take all of your hope away."
"hope for the best, prepare for the worst"
Beware how you take away hope from another human being
"What can I say about life? Do I praise it for letting you live, or damn it for allowing the rest?"
CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!
Hope attracts chances.
"There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality."
"At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most."
"False hope is a terrible thing, if its the only thing keeping you alive you'll be dead by dawn."
Tous mes anciens amours vont me revenir.' - All my old loves will be returned to me
I don't buy idea of second chance. With hope we make a lot of chances.
"Never give up hope. All things are working for your good. One day, you'll look back on everything you've been through and thank God for it."
"Stability was overrated. Crises and adventures, on the other hand, could actually teach you something."
"Happy endings were too much for some people, false and cheap, but hope - hope was honest. Hope was good."
"A mouth of no distinction but well practiced, before I entered my teens, in irony. For what is irony but the repository of hurt? And what is hurt but the repository of hope?"
"A loss of any kind is horrible. Not because it takes away, but because it makes you believe- in newspapers, in tomatoes, in empty whiskey bottles."
ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT: PAIN YOU'VE BEEN FEELING WILL SOON GO AWAY.. ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT: JOY IS ON THE WAY.
Never Give up! Where theres life theres hope!...
"Your mother sets you up blind dates? With guys like that?"" The corners of his mouth twitched. ""She doesn't like you very much, does she?"
"But no matter how much evil I see, I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there is much more light than darkness."
I look in the mirror through the eyes of the child that was me.
"For every bad thing in life, there are more good things to tip the balance."
"With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love."
The fruit of empty hopes is more bitter than the saddest truth.
"She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved."
"All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases."
Some were filled with pride. Some were filled with hope. Some were filled rage. But all of them screamed
"New day, new hopes, new life!!"
"But we believe – nay, Lord we only hope, That one day we shall thank thee perfectly For pain and hope and all that led or drove Us back into the bosom of thy love."
"hope could betray you—but if you had no hope, life could actually surprise you in the best of ways."
"He never had any real hope in the affair from the beginning;but being a cheerful hobbit he had not needed hope,as long as despair could be postponed."
I guess this is a message for those of you who contemplate permanent solutions to temporary problems. You never know what could be coming in the future. There is so much music you've yet to hear.
Hope is the great deceiver. Hope is the piper who leads us sleepy to our slaughter.
"We’re a couple of shooting stars, Biggs, and we’ll never be stopped."
Love could be a last hope and a star to steer by.
"Hope will lie to you, but lust is what it is; it never lies."
You are only a prisoner when you surrender.
"And indeed it could be said that once the faintest stirring of hope became possible, the dominion of plague was ended."
"Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story."
Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.
Bond is stronger than blood. The family grows stronger by bond.
"His life had been spent pursuing excellence and amassing a great fortune, but now that it was ending, there was no one he was inclined to share it with."
Hope holds you fast like an anchor so you don't give way.
"Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost."
"There was no hope in death, only an end."
The rain begins with a single drop
Great hope has no real footing unless one is willing to face into the doom that may also be on the way. p.207
"Behold, we know not anything; I can but trust that good shall fall At last -- far off -- at last, to all, And every winter change to spring."
I wondered: what happens when a hundred thousand people memorize the same poem? Does anything change?
We see the pain and the misery around the world and what the demonic kingdom and the devil and demons have done to mankind.
The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.
"To be a human being among people and to remain one forever, no matter in what circumstances, not to grow despondent and not to lose heart — that’s what life is all about, that’s its task."
"To be unbroken, what would that be? If words that were spoken, had not shattered me"
IT IS BY CHOICE AND NOT BY CHANCES THAT WE CHANGE OUR CIRCUMSTANCES.
Summertime. It was a song. It was a season. I wondered if that season would ever live inside of me.
"Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise"
"And hope is like love...a ridiculous, wonderful, powerful thing."
My sense of the holy is bound up with the hope that some day my remote descendants will live in a global civilization in which love is pretty much the only law.
"Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves."
May be its mine bad-luck Or yours not to get me But I still have hope Of being yours
"Brooklyn was a dream. All the things that happened there just couldn't happen. It was all dream stuff. Or was it all real and true and was it that she, Francie, was the dreamer?"
I hope suffering don't exist.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
"When all else is lost, the future still remains."
Hope is the most evil of all emotions
You have to be a light to yourself in a world that is utterly becoming dark.
"Sea urchins have protective, mobile spines. Laura now has all the protection she needs, coming from within."
"Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places. And they're just a matter of perspective. What changed my perspective, was her."
Hope combined with action is the only thing that will bring you contentment.
What can you do how much can you give to bring grace and salvation unto even one soul
"Here she was on the other side of the grating—here she was at last, on the outside—looking in!"
"After all, tomorrow is another day."
"Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise."
Maybe the future is like rowing for shore. Your only choice is to try or give up.
Hope is for people who can't see the Truth.
"This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to life. It is impossible to live without hope."
"The way I see it, hard times aren't only about money, or drought, or dust. Hard times are about losing spirit, and hope, and what happens when dreams dry up."
Sometimes that which we fear strengthens our spirit and gives us a splash of hope.
Hope is the heartbeat of the soul~
I'm pretty much looking for beauty all the time. It just seems like some days the light is better to see it.
"Trust to some was placing all your insecurities and beliefs in one single person, and hoping he or she wouldn’t squash them."
"I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters."
"As long as I fight, I am moved by hope; and if I fight with hope, then I can wait."
Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.
"Where there is life, there is hope."
What was it about not knowing a person that allowed you to wonder whether she might be the answer to all your problems?
"No matter how educated you are, no matter how irrational it seems, you will follow a glimmer of hope."
"Pray like it all depends on God, but work like it all depends on you."
"She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so...I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her."
"Hope in the beginning feels like such a violation of the loss, and yet without it we couldn't survive."
"I felt as if I were riding a pendulum. Just as I would swing into the abyss of hopelessness, the pendulum would swing back with some small goodness."
"Bree, hope is healthy. Even if you prepare yourself for the worst in life, it will never make the fall hurt less."
Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.
"Believe that you can make your way. Or don't. Either way, you are right."
"I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved."
Hope isn't destiny. Left passive its nothing more than disappointment deferred
"...it is love, imperfect and unordered, that keeps them apart, even as it holds them somehow together..."
"I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope, That star on life's tremulous ocean."
Until we meet someday.
[A] person whose head is bowed and whose eyes are heavy cannot look at the light.
"Horses change lives. They give out young people confidence and self-esteem. They provide peace and tranquility to troubled souls, they give us hope."
Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?
Perhaps what matters when all is said and done is not who puts us down but who picks us up.
"Where there is a Key, there is yet hope."
"Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon."
"Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you."
"If you had hope, maybe you could find a way to make things change,. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try."
We found out a long time ago that we weren’t meant to fall in love with each other. But a part of me still fell in hope with him
Hope is a delicate flower which refuses to be crushed under life's brutal heel.
"Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope."
"I knew I was catching at straws; but in the wide and weltering deep where I found myself, I would have caught at cobwebs."
"Hope was the beast that could never be slain, the light that blazed in every harrowing dark."
The creative strength is good enough and deep enough to bring itself to flower and to grow in spite of this sickness.
"She stood for a moment looking up at the stars, so far, so many, bright and cold. And with a faint smile she thought: ‘I wonder which is my lucky star!"
"Thank goodness for the first snow, it was a reminder--no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered."
...and we'll see what happens when we say Yes while this rigor mortis world screams No.
"The point is, you have family and friends who love you. You have a world out there just waiting for you to conquer it. You have a life that will be anything you make it. That's the point."
"Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night, I can see paradise by the dashboard light."
A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.
There is no hope for the hopeless but there is always some love for the loveless.
One always has hope for human nature
"A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope."
"Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life."
"It is a world of disappointment: often to the hopes we most cherish, and hopes that do our nature the greatest honour."
"Live for the lovers, not the haters!"
"You're right. Maybe it wouldn't change anything."" His gaze shifted from the brightening ocean to me. I didn't need to look into his eyes to feel their intensity. ""But maybe it would change everything."
"Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope."
"You were standing in the wake of devastation And you were waiting on the edge of the unknown And with the cataclysm raining down Insides crying ""Save me now"" You were there, impossibly alone"
Miracles were just second chances if you really thought about it--second chances when all hope was lost.
The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.
"We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own."
Hope is a psychological mechanism unaffected by external realities.
It is strange... the reasons one feels he doesn't deserve things.
"Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body."
"I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley."
"You are young; you have hopes. One by one they will go, and nothing will be left but the bare fact of life."
"God is our Father and loves us, even when his silence remains incomprehensible."
"Of all our feelings the only one which really doesn't belong to us is hope. Hope belongs to life, it's life itself defending itself."
A dried plant is nothing but a sign to plant a new one
"There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars."
"Mind led body to the edge of the precipice. They stared in desire at the naked abyss. If you love me, said mind, take that step into silence. If you love me, said body, turn and exist."
I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.
"Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs."
"I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal."
"Things go away to return, brightened for the passage"
"Below me Rontu was running along the cliffs barking at the screaming gulls. Pelicans were chattering as they finished the blue water. But suddenly I thought of Tutok, and the island seemed very quiet."
Home was not a perfect place. But it was the only home they had and they could hope to make it better.
To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.
You don't dare think whole even to yourself the entirety of a dear hope or wish let alone a desperate one else you yourself have doomed it.
Pandora's box had been opened and monsters had come out. But there had been something hidden at the bottom of Pandora's box. Something wonderful. Hope.
"That was how it always was with Colleen: No matter how sad she felt, there was always this little bit of hope - like a speck of glitter caught in your eyelash - that never went away, no matter what."
Hope is a helium balloon. It is a wish lantern set out into the dark sky of night.
"When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing."
"If justice takes place, there may be hope, even in the face of a seemingly capricious divinity."
"If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry."
"Do you feel cold and lost in desperation? You build up hope, but failure’s all you’ve known Remember all the sadness and frustration And let it go. Let it go"
There is no such thing as helplessness. It's just another word for giving up.
The path i walk lights up in flames
I hope I make people feel better. I hope I take people out of their situations a little bit and make them happier. That's really why I do what I do.
"Mother can beat me all she wants, but I haven’t let her take away my will to somehow survive."
We must be content to grow slowly. Most of us will still barely be at the beginning of our recovery by the time we die. But that is better than killing ourselves pretending to be healthy.
God can inject hope into a absolutely hopeless situation.
Hope without love is hopeless.
…a cynic who was still saddened whenever his jaundiced view of mankind was confirmed...
"Imagine that you are more than nothing. Evil made you, but you are no more evil than a child unborn. If you want, if you seek, if you hope, who is to say that your hope might not be answered?"
"Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life."
"The Victorian Age, for all its humbug, was a period of rapid progress, because men were dominated by hope rather than fear. If we are again to have progress, we must again be dominated by hope."
Everything happens for a reason. Just be patient.
"After every sunny day, comes a stormy night"
"For all the loss and tragedy I have known, my life has taught me that the human spirit like the lifted hands of the blind, will rise above chaos and destruction, as wings in flight"
"You put a new heart in Emma a long time ago, it just wasn’t the kind you were thinking of.” He laughed to himself. “Hope is an amazing thing. I saw it in Emma, saw it with my own eyes."
"His hope wasn't lost, it was buried, and somehow Prudence Ryland made that old grave seem much more shallow than it once was."
The beauty of a fragment is that it still supports the hope of brilliant completeness.
"When you're in the middle of a nightmare, something ordinary is the only hope. Anyway, ordinary things are the best. I've always thought so."
You can give illness to her body but you can't take the gypsy out of that girl.
"Where there is life, Nan used to say, there is hope."
"Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining"
"After this is over, I want a shower in a really big bathroom."" ""I'll get us the penthouse."" ""What makes you think you'll be sharing it with me?"" ""I live in hope."
"Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving."
I burned all our bridges - not knowing that love knows how to swim.
Fear not the unknown. It is a sea of possibilities.
"In a serener Bright, In a more golden light I see Each little doubt and fear, Each little discord here Removed."
Sometimes people need to know they could be forgiven to have the strength to change.
Hope dies to ten thousand small cuts.
I realize that even in the worst of times there’s always a ray of hope.
"see chains on another person and be glad they are not your own--such was the good fortune permitted colored people, defined by how much worse it could be at any moment."
"The rain will stop, the night will end, the hurt will fade. Hope is never so lost that it can't be found."
This interplay between hope and reality was also a part of the mourning.
"When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person."
The visions we offer our children shape the future. It _matters_ what those visions are. Often they become self-fulfilling prophecies. Dreams are maps.
"In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength."
"I am hopeful, though not full of hope, and the only reason I don't believe in happy endings is because I don't believe in endings."
"Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting."
"For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted."
Hope knows no fear. Hope dares to blossom even inside the abysmal abyss. Hope secretly feeds and strengthens promise.
All this hoping for nothing-or someone-that's maybe hopeless
"Hope, love, ingenuity. Possibility is more than what runs through our veins, little one."
"Once a day has begun eventfully, it generally carries on being every bit as lively."
"Hope fought hard to stay alive. Even when you thought it was beaten to nothing, burned to ashes, drowned deep, still it flickered away, waiting to be found again."
"If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way."
Here is little habit that can make a big difference. Send sunbeams. Intentionally send a word of encouragement or appreciation every day to one person.
"I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost."
"And when the dawn comes creeping in, Cautiously I shall raise Myself to watch the daylight win."
"Do you believe there's hope at the end?' I ask. 'No,' she says simply, looking away. 'No, I don't, but I'm still going.' She eyes me. 'You coming with?"
"If the affluent cannot afford hope, you cannot expect the destitute to pay for desperation."
"A grieving person's like a person treading in deep water--if they've nothing to hold on to, they lose hope. They slide right under."
"Every adversity, every unpleasant circumstance, every failure, and every physical pain carries with it the seed of an equivalent benefit."
"You have creative control in this life: Choose Love over fear, Choose Hope over despair."
Wherever there's hope there's a trial.
"Unforgiveness denies the victim the possibility of parole and leaves them stuck in the prison of what was, incarcerating them in their trauma and relinquishing the chance to escape beyond the pain."
Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.
"In a world plagued with commonplace tragedies, only one thing exists that truly has the power to save lives, and that is love."
"I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to."
"I know now, just quite how My life and love might still go on In your heart, in your mind I'll stay with you for all of time."
"Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions, inside the walls of a hospital... Doubt is like dye. Once is spreads into the fabric of excuses you've woven, you'll never get rid of the stain."
"You won't find the truth of life in morbidity, only in hope."
The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!
"Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit"
"We may be helpless to stop bad things from happening, but perhaps God leaves us signs and road maps to help us recover and reconnect, provided we know where to look."
"Hope and desire, All unfulfilled, Have more than rope And hangman killed."
"Hope may have a positive reputation, but it has a vicious downside. If you have hope, you can be crushed."
"Do we ever have to abandon all hope? Is it not perhaps a good thing that by refusing to give in to the evidence, the dreams that lie half awake in us all may persist?"
Chapters - Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn’t mean the end of the book.
"Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch."
"It sounded like walls tumbling, liberty bells chiming, government buildings being stormed. It sounded like a revolution. It sounded like hope."
She did not care about anything very much. Hope was gone. She existed that was all.
Forget yesterday ... Tomorrow still holds happy surprises for us.
"To die, so young to die. No, no, not I, I love the warm sunny skies, light, song, shining eyes, I want no war, no battle cry, No, no, not I."
"The door', replied Maimie, 'will always, always be open, and mother will always be waiting at it for me."
"Do try to remember this: even the world's not so black as it is painted"" -Valerie to Stephen (pg. 408)"
i had a dream when i was 22 that someday i would go to the region of ice and snow and go on and on till i came to one of the poles of the earth
"Oh no,"" I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then ""oh no"" is apparently that song's chorus, the words we always return to."
"Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them."
"For if the darkness and corruption leave A vestige of the thoughts that once I had, Better by far you should forget and smile Than that you should remember and be sad."
"That would be the death of anyone - to recognize false hopes with a certainty. One mustn't know that. If it is offered, refuse!"
Hope is a journey Into an enchanted tomorrow
"Hope is a flicker, a candle flame kept burning by the simple act of breathing."
Hope is a seed that grows inside us from the moment we are born
"Hope can be imagined as a domino effect, a chain reaction, each increment making the next increase more feasible... There are moments of fear and doubt that can deflate it."
"I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping."
"How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?"
"Laughter with those that understand us is music for the soul. A hug at the right moment and a kind shoulder to lean on, Is the sprinkle of magic that keeps us walking towards hope."
"Hopelessness can be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it."
"Yes, there is no good pretending, it is hard to leave everything."
"Hope could not outlast the breather. Love, however . . . Love was something not even death could conquer, because at the end of everything, even life, he was hers."
"My thoughts, I think, will soon be sound. My mind, I hope, will soon be found."
"What lies ahead seems unlikely; when it becomes the past, it seems inevitable."
"Hopeless change be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it."
They survived on the bare bones of hope.
How strange the feelings when it was not your name anymore that appeared as that person's favorite.
"Is there more to see?"" Brixton asks. ""No. Just a long walk back to hope."
Each day is always breaking out anew Aspirations swirling round what you do
You are too full of your own hopes to hold anyone else's.
"I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me."
I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.
"Never loose hope. Stay strong, you never know what tomorrow brings."
When you Love.. you Expect.. Once u start Expecting.. u have Hope.. Hopes in return makes you to put Trust.. and Trust makes u prone to Betrayal.. and whn u r Betrayed.. Hell falls over U...!!!
When the world caves in Still my hope will cling To Your promise Where my courage ends Let my heart find strength In Your presence
"But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope."
Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.
"I kept reaching for my muses, my wandering muses, floating on clouds filled with their passions.” (Muses of Wandering Passions, p. 64)"
"I made a sorry face in response to such strong insistence, but I couldn’t believe him. Fantasies were exactly that"
Three rules to obey! 1. Don't be over-impressed by your past glories! 2. Don't be scared by your future stories! 3. Be hopeful to get out of today's miseries!
"disappointment had to be postponed, hope kept alive as long as possible;"
"When our dreams don’t come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same."
"He wore his hope like a winter coat, layered over the top of all of him."
The merchants of hope will never go out of business
One who has hope lives differently.
"There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow."
"But that's just it; I can either focus on what I have lost, or what I have gained, and I choose the latter."
"People are just too hopeful, and sometimes hope is the biggest weapon of all to use against us. People will believe anything."
"You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire."
"Old folks live on memory, young folk live on hope."
The God I believe in believes in me and won’t silence my heart or others based on a paycheck at the end of the day.
She was a dreamer and a schemer & one didnt dream and scheme without hope.
"Keep your eyes on the future, because that's where the answers are. It's where the hope is."
I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.
The lovers of the world are the ones who matter. Forget the rest. Jesus was a lover. He doesn't hate anyone.
"quote from Chase the Moon- Some people are just downright wicked, and sometimes evil wins - but not always."
I hope Limitless.. and its this Limitless hope that pushes me forward to live this Life..!!!
Action is what makes hope a reality.
"It’s a truth I love you, It’s a hope you do, And may I live and die with it, Not knowing that you don’t."
"Hope was always out ahead of fact, possibility obscured the outlines of reality."
"Free at last, he thought. Great God Almighty, I'm free at last. Then: I believe this is redemption. And it's good, isn't it? Quite good, indeed."
The key is love It is the gateway To hope To joy To enhanced living Love is the answer
"Night always turns to day again as long as the sun shall rise, so shall it be for darkened dreams grown pale from compromise"
"I used to believe my art had to be about the things that brought me joy and gave me hope. But I learned that art can be found in all of life, even in pain. --Valentine, while in Italy (pg 267)"
"Doubt is the ally of hope, not its enemy, and together they made all the blessing he had."
Hope and fury were more than a flame in her heart; they formed a scorching blaze that would burn down this Kingdom of Shadows with everything in it.
"I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life... and hope."
"Consistent, Timely encouragement has the staggering magnetic power to draw an immortal soul to the God of Hope. The one whose name is Wonderful Counselor."
Don't ever lose hope because better days will come.
"Impending doom, it was a familiar sweater, we all wore it and as scratchy as it felt against our skin, we kept it on."
"If ever I was running, it was towards you."
I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.
"Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed. Like Schrödinger’s cat inside a box you can never ever open."
I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…
Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.
"I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…"
Be strong. Even when you can't be.
what once cause catastrophe in my life has now become the catalyst for my direction.
"Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself."
"Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly."
"My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet…is that they all realize their worth and ask for it."
He who makes fun of a short and fat man’s weight is much less cruel than he who makes fun of his height.
"Love and well wishes,” he tells me. “Stars and sunrise. Hopes and health. May truth walk with you.” “As does my heart,” I respond."
He told me once it was cruel to give hope where none should be.
"No sunset winks, but surely be followed by the sunrise! - Try to remember this on your moments of despair."
"With hope, we can endure any hardship."
"The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry...He's risen!"
Even amongst fierce flames/ The golden lotus can be planted.
"I can still bring into my body the joy I felt at seeing the first trillium of spring, which seemed to be telling me, ""Never give up hope, spring will come."
The child was slender as fleeting hope.
Her shoes were comfortable. They reflected her hope for the evening.
"It would still be a long way until she was completely free, but the door had been cracked open and a smidgen of hope broke through the darkness."
"And when I raised myself to look at the man who’d spoken, I had a feeling of leaving my misery behind me there on the stone wall."
You may find that knowledge is not so great a thing as belief or hope.
The need in me beautiful is to look back on you forever!!
I'll look to the cross As my failure is lost In the light of Your glorious grace
"Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed."
"Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing."
Try to see the good in all things...
Let the ruins come to life In the beauty of Your name Rising up from the ashes God forever You reign
"And in that moment, everything I knew to be true about myself up until then was gone. I was acting like another woman, yet I was more myself than ever before."
…told herself likewise not to hope. But it was too late. Hope had already entered…
"Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh."
When you know that everything matters—that every move counts as much as any other—you will begin living a life of permanent purpose.
Farming is a profession of hope
"Even if times got bad, he would never again deny himself the possibility that the future might be happy even if the present was painful. He would allow himself dreams."
There is a great deal of ruin in a nation.
Every goal first started as something in our mind. You have it all within you!
Healing Follows Forgiveness
Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions.
"To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are."
"Bad art has the power to deform a people just as good art generates new reflection, growth, vision, and hope."
"Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not."
"If there is nothing new under the sun, at least the sun itself is always new, always re-creating itself out of its own inexhaustible fire."
A King and Queen cannot support a crown with eyes looking down. Their universe expands as far as you can see.
"Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance."
"Sister - if all this is true, what could I do or undo?"
"If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius."
"Dear refuge of my weary soul, On thee, when sorrows rise, On thee, when waves of trouble roll, My fainting hope relies."
Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.
"Then hope unlooked-for came so suddenly to Eomer's heart, and with it the bite of care and fear renewed, that he said no more, but turned and went swiftly from the hall."
"when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope"
"...the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them."
"There I was, waiting, afraid I’d never experience the kind of joy yet to come, but hoping for it just the same."
"hope had become despair, protestors had become terrorists, love had become sex, music had become noise, and us had become me."
"We hope that we will live only because we must be with God, as alive as He is."
Don’t hope you will receive help from the words of life because they all bring you to death.
Hope is a straw hat hanging beside a window covered with frost.
"People die from lack of shared empathy and affinity. By establishing social connectedness, we give hope a chance and the other can become heaven. ( ""Le ciel c'est l'autre"" )"
"I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones."
If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.
"Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love."
"You only feel powerless because your fear has given your power to the object of your fear. Once you realise this, you can claim it back."
Do you have any idea how frightening it is to care for someone who dreams? They infect you with their optimism. And soon you start to dream together. You begin to dare to hope.
"I would fight every angel between us until God said, ""Yes."
I'm not singing for the future I'm not dreaming of the past I'm not talking of the fist time I never think about the last
"I didn't know that I've completely left them all in the past. There's a part of me, wishing and hoping, that she would come back for me, and we would start a new life together, but she didn't."
Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style
"Life is about celebrating uniqueness, diversity, and then bringing it all together like the varied colors of a rainbow. Different yet connected."
"We cherish all the past, we glide a-down the present, awake yet dreaming; but the future of ours together—there the bird sings loudest, and the sun shines always there..."
"Through Christ, the sting of death is but a gentle pinch to the soul; and the mourn is light. Perhaps, someday, in that glorious place, free of sin, we shall meet again."
"Hope?! Hope is a bit desperate, isn't it? Hope is right below wishful thinking and right above performing a rain dance."
"Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love."
"I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness."
Your personal truth is your gift to the world.
My mother is my friend Who shares with me her bread All my hopelessness cured! Her company makes me secured!
"The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!"
"And that's what love is, I suppose. The one thing that is most worth hoping for, and the one thing that's most surprising when it lands. Because it's better. It exceeds hope, makes hope nearsighted."
"Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are"
"Morning dew upon the grass, glistening in the sun. Yesterday’s gone, tomorrow may come, but this day has begun."
"You deny them hope... You are telling them that Jesus loves them, but not much."
I am hopeful because love overflows from my heart. Gratitude for beauty and life leads my way.
hope is just a feeling...will is the real thing....
"When it hurt to look back, look forward."
Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love
"I threw my hands in the air and said show me something. He said, ""if you dare come a little closer""."
Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.
If God created shadows it was to better emphasise the light.
Even a single lamp dispels the deepest darkness.
"We must seek together to address the good aspirations of people everywhere, for we are bound together through great commonality."
You're all incredibly thoughtful souls who keep my head attached to my body.
"She felt the depth of her losses before they were realized, and she wondered, Is there still hope? Did she even dare hold on to such a tenuous thing as hope?"
"We are ready to despair too soon, we are ready to say, ‘What’s the good of doing anything?’ Hope is the virtue we should cultivate most in this present day and age."
"Yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits."
Elizabeth's barreness and advanced age--a double symbol of hopelessness--became the means by which God would announce to the world that nothing is impossible for Him.
"For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go."
"Hope is something that can never be taken from you unless you allow someone to take it. If you never lose hope, you will never truly be poor."
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for."
"Have you lost your hope? Have you remained inside the fog? Don’t worry; even if you can’t find it, a new hope will come and find you!"
"In the middle of the night, there is always less hope; in the dawn of the morning, there is always more hope!"
"Take a chance..., change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today."
"Your dreamers. You ridiculous children. You dancing grinning fuckups. Here is your bright future. Your earnest, saccharine hope. How does it taste dripping from the neck of everyone you love?"
We all flee in hope of finding some ground of security
"I can always look up at the cosmos and marvel, no matter what happens. And when I look up at it, I feel as though my problems are small. I don't know why, but it always makes me feel better."
No gasp at a miracle that is truly miraculous because the magic lies in the fact that you knew it was there for you all along.
"I could smack her, punch her in the face, but then I see what she can't hide from me. I've seen it before-the desperation, the agony, the need to find a reason to go on, and the inability to find it."
With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.
"If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining."
"In the meantime, I’ll wish it upon a star.'- Michael Cooper"
It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.
A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.
Sometimes memory is the only gift we give ourselves and the only hope we have of finding our way home.
"Never take today for granted, tomorrow might never come."
Your tears are my prayers.
"Consult.../what reinforcement we may gain from hope,/If not, what resolution from despair."
"It isn’t true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives."
"I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too."
"Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible."
"Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But...I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people."
And hope is but a dream of those that wake.
"Hope comes not from the people around you, but from yourself."
"The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory."
What will you do now with the gift of your left life?
"In the future, as in the present, as in the past, black people will build many new worlds. This is true. I will make it so. And you will help me."
"Some people us language to describe the lives they lead, and other people use language to create the lives they lead."
Whoso beset him round With dismal stories Do but themselves confound; His strength the more is.
There is a period for hope and one for mourning.
From the mud of adversity grows the lotus of joy
Hope is nothing but a deceitful flatterer accepted by reason only because it is often in need of palliatives.
Life is a precious possession...It is what one makes of it. - Charity Duncan
"They knew, though, she would not suffer as they had suffered. She was perfect. They were scarred."
"(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)"
Death seemed to lose its terrors and to borrow a grace and dignity in sublime keeping with the life that was ebbing away.
No point carrying useless ballast. It won't change a thing.
Books open the doors that others have closed on you.
Despair wishes their hope diminishes.
"We live in a time that hungers for HOPE; to believe in MIRACLES and DREAMS, for without these soul gems, humanity is ripped at the seams."
An opportunity is a miracle waiting to happen.
"Everyone has to have hope in their life, or they will eventually become your enemy."
"Don't be such a party-pooper, missy --when you're well and truly screwed, either you just sit pissing yourself or you invent some reason to hope."
"You know, Molly, if you can hold in your mind what you want long enough, you shall have it."
"[Koudelka] looked back, ""You?! I know you! You trust beyond reason!"" [Cordelia] met his eyes steadily, ""Yes, it's how I get results beyond hope, as you may recall."
"The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it."
"Hope is the last thing that dies. Maybe because hope is one of those dratted things that is truly, honestly, genuinely immortal."
"I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life."
"The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end."
"So much of how we think, feel, and live depends on our vision-what we choose to see in any given situation."
"I shuffle along, letting the current pull me, and i have the sense that I am like a rat caught in a maze of tunnels, moving endlessly toward some promise of...of what? Light? Life? Cheese?"
"Dullness it is that perverts and corrups the spirit but it is always possible to look past the dullness, and see the bright, shining heart of things"
Believe in the hope of your Life Illusion because this is the only real thing that you posses!
"It's okay. You're going to save me, Miss Maylene."" The girl gave her a genuine look of happiness. ""I know it. I knew if I found you everything would be okay."
"I'll be singing hymns to the rafters, be praising His goodness so loud they're going to have to turn down the volume in Heaven."
"Why not? Why not anything? If God ain’t a God of why nots, than I say ‘Why bother,’ and I don’t think that’s takin his name in vain, I think it’s tellin the truth about what people need."
"Children have two worlds, the one they have been given and the one they can dream about."
"If you can smile today, maybe you can laugh tomorrow."
"I’ll circle back…” “I’ll be dead.” “I’ll circle back anyway.‘ “There’s no point, Tom.” “I’ll circle back and pick you up."
"Think from a place of boundless hope and limitless possibilities; that way, you will not be limited by the existing circumstances."
The blackout I feared did not come. So much remains to be seen.
"Hope made a show of reviving - not with any reason to back it, but only because it is its nature to revive. from The Adventures of Tom Sawyer"
"Rise and keep hope alive. When you rise, you will help others find hope in their own lives."
"Rise with hope, and let it overflow like a river. Pray for your courage to flow like that of a victor."
"What do you want to be when you grow up?"" ""Kind"
"I don't want you to just save Aetherium, Jonathan. I want you to make it worth saving."
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
"I realize that humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive."
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.
"We are anxious in the face of our unchangeable past; we long to recreate segments of our private histories, but we are stuck with them."
"Hope must be tethered to accountability, shaped by memory, and measured not by the language of the powerful but by the lived reality of the marginalized."
Life stretches beyond death.
It has always been very busy on Earth: so much coming and going! The terror and the hope ribboning through that.
"You! You and Death! Lovers who just can’t quit. That’s how we make the future. The terror and the hope of that, as change goes viral."
"I do not forget the hope promised by the future, even though I weep for the pain suffered by my land here in the past."
"I do know that in those last hours before I rescued myself, when I listened to the passage from the Alto Rhapsody-which I'd heard [my mother] sing-she had been very much on my mind."
"The past is gone, but today is here, and the future is yet to come, so it doesn't deserve our fear..."
"You have to add some more flavors to everything once in a while if you don't wanna die, bored!"
"Way up high, other worlds are being born - or at least I hope so. There must be, there has to be, a place better than this."
"...for all of that, I could still imagine a time when the small things we used to love might be returned to us."
"Hope is a battle. Every day. Some days, it’s harder to find. But it’s always there."
"Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow."
There is still hope...You are not alone.
Rainy weather does not always have thunderbolts.
The only day in life where the sun doesn’t set is called hope.
"But still I hope, because I can't help but hope."
"If it means I can protect them, I will bear the burden."
"You will be a whisper in their hearts, a feeling they can’t quite name."
Some people aren’t a cure. They’re the reason you want to heal.
Love didn’t pull him from the darkness. It made the darkness less frightening to sit in
This is my story. And I am going to write it the way I want it to be written.
We must live in the future we hope to make.
We bleed but we heal.
There is simply no need to hide it There is no need to deny My heart belongs to you I may wonder around But still my heart is yours 
"She searched her mind for a hope that would justify tomorrow. Any tiny, ordinary hope would suffice. Without that who can live till morning?"
"When all but hope is lost, then all is not lost."
You brought light into my darkest days and hope when I had none
"Each image, each post, each carefully edited snippet of someone else’s world only made her feel smaller."
"Thousands of followers, their faces I've never known—yet in this virtual crowd, I feel so utterly alone."
Maybe it was not too late to dream again.
"The posters on her wall, reminders of past obsessions, childhood dreams, and fleeting inspirations, seemed to stare at her, accusing. Once upon a time, they had meant something."
"It was such a small thing. Just a stranger on the internet, sending her a frog. But somehow, it felt like the first step toward something better."
I cannot keep doing this. I don’t want to be something you hide away.
"Maybe love wasn’t always loud and obvious. Maybe sometimes it crept up quietly, disguised as laughter and late-night talks and a friend who never let go."
It wasn’t a rush of infatuation. This was quieter. Warmer. Safe.
"Stepping into something new. Something that, for the first time in a long while, felt like hope."
I can be a better boyfriend than him.
"To safest haven Through heartfelt lies, To brighten hopes, And bless our skies."
"When you think there is no hope left, remember the lobsters in the tank on the Titanic restaurant."
"While we have life, we have the world."
You must stop telling yourself what will be the end of you. You do not know what you can survive until it is done.
"I love to try Things that seem impossible, but there is still a Spark of Hope for them."
Hope is cruel in its persistence. It's a tease.
"Getting dressed is an intricate process, and I enjoy each step. It's all about anticipation, hope for the night."
Our hope for redemption is now just another hunt for vengeance.
"Pressure is a gift. It develops endurance in me. I will stay the course. I will persist for the fruitful, promised, hopeful reward of patience."
Being in love also springs a fountain of optimism.
"Just as the broken, abused child clung to hope for a better life against all odds, I now stand firm in hope and determination that one day justice will prevail."
"I live to dream, I live to hug, and I live with hope."
"The world will try to reduce you to its perception, but remember: you are the culmination of centuries of endurance, brilliance, and unrelenting hope. Let their smallness never define your vastness."
Hope is the thing with rivers.
"STABILITY IS AN ILLUSION. EMBRACE THE FLUX, OR BE CONSUMED BY IT"
"You will survive your terror, and come out grand, simply grand."
"Forgiveness is the secret to freedom, and freedom is the secret of a life well-lived."
"It has ever been thus, an affliction of the shallow, a cycle unbroken, trapped in the realm of the surface, never daring to plunge into the depths, where meaning resides."
"How fervently I long for them to prove me false, to reveal a glimmer of penitence, yet the heavens grant no such mercy."
"Each new day is an opportunity to do something new, finish something already started or improve something that already exists."
"What matters is hope. The conviction that this Universe has an order, even if it is untrue."
"Oh, Eternal, how I praise you. You have brought light to the darkness, justice to the evil, and hope to the fearful."
"Do not lose hope, even when the end is in sight. Hope beyond it. Hope past the presumed end because hope is an extraordinary end-changer. If it’s not over yet, it’s not over. Never abandon hope."
"Hope is as important to human survival as air, food, and water. Perhaps more so."
What gives me hope? Knowing that with God all things are possible.
"Hope can be as fragile as butterfly wings, so when someone shares with you their beautiful hopes, handle them as delicately and kindly as possible. Never crush anyone’s wings."
Hope. Fortitude. Optimism. These are dynamic superpowers.
I HOPE it will happen when I am unsure that it will but I know that it can.
Hope fuels our ability to persevere; it is oxygen for the fire in our hearts.
"Motivation is hope-driven. Without hope of achievement and hope for improvement, there would be no drive to extend any effort trying."
"If you run out of options, pray for more."
"Hope sees what we cannot see and grabs onto it, holding tight, until we eventually see it too."
Tomorrow is just another synonym for hope.
"Within the blinding mists it is hard to seek out any source of light. But there is absolutely light to be found; otherwise, you would not be seeing mist."
"After a long enough time, we stop seeking because we’d rather enjoy the hollow hope that we got it right than do the work it takes to actually get it right."
Things [that] you call dead haven't yet had the chance to be born.
"Birds never know if the sun will rise, yet they sing everyday right before dawn."
A place where hope throbbed like a heartbeat
I think the sun will shine tomorrow.
"Of course we can all hope. Not much more than that, I'm afraid."
"Hope will not become a reality without disciplined thinking. Thinking in a new way does not happen automatically; it requires effort, concentration, and intentionality."
God's promises aren't just for certain people at a certain low point. His hope extends into any and every size pit or pothole.
"Patient endurance and self-discipline mean we submit to the present moment as it is, not as we would like it to be."
All are one. Right now. In this moment. In every moment we stop to recognize something of ourselves in each other. Unity isn’t some hoped-for event. It’s a matter of perception.
"There is strength in solidarity, but also in suffering and in struggle and in hope."
"One day"" is going to become ""tomorrow""."
"By that who find the world eager, should not be despaired by it."
"I should've known better, but when I saw that empty bedroom, I couldn't not act. Hope is a damnable thing."
"It felt like an accomplishment, and an accomplishment felt like a little sip of power in an ocean of powerlessness. Nothing could be normal, but work could sustain them."
"Dum spiro, spero. While I breathe, I hope"
"Hope and fear like to think they can occupy the same space, but there is only room for one. It's up to you to decide."
"Hope cannot accomplish much if you sit around and do nothing but dream. In the same vein, just going through the motions does very little if you have abandoned all hope."
"This is your present, not your past. You live in the present, not the past. What matters is the present, not the past."
Have hope. Trust in the Lord. Know He can do all things. Exercise faith in God’s timing. Believe.
"Hope is the reason we hang on until tomorrow. Without hope, there would be no tomorrow… or at any rate, there would be no purpose for it."
"What gives us hope is believing in the possibility of something. Even the slightest, minute possibility is enough to keep hope alive, and with it, our strength to hold on."
"Hope is a force that keeps us going, trying, reaching, and breathing. It is a fire in the soul that, if kept burning, will sustain us against all odds."
This is hope: knowing God is aware of answers and options you do not presently see.
"Hope is like a spotlight that illuminates possibilities, making them stand out when they might not otherwise."
"Hope is the sustaining force that enables us to hold on a little longer, fight a little harder, to keep going, keep pushing, keep trying, and keep breathing."
"I don't think our purpose is to prevent all the bad things in the world.' he says, 'I think our purpose is to help people endure those things."
Enjoy each moment and each encounter throughout your life.
I do not write dark books. I write candles. I write fire.
There’s no single answer that will solve all our future problems. There’s no magic bullet. Instead there are thousands of answers—at least. You can be one of them if you choose to be.
He wished for her life to be filled with more opportunities than he had ever had. (Story: Behind the Grand Doors of Paradise)
It’s not about what can’t be done. It’s about what we can actually do with what can’t be done.
Tomorrow is the opportunity that is being nurtured in the darkness of your night.
Hope is what holds us together when we are falling apart.
"One must speak for life and growth, amid all this mass of destruction and disintegration."
Please do not grow weary on your journey
Life is filled with many obstacles and remember they are begging you to go around them.
"You are never, never too old to be changed by love."
"Dreams are chances to begin anew, reconstructing past mistakes into hope"
"Even if Allah gives you this world, He has surely honoured us with heaven in the hereafter."
"Hope is not weakness. It's oxygen, a crack in the window, the pale slash of moonlight across a dusty room."
"It was probably too much to hope for, but Evangeline had always had a weakness for hoping and things others thought impossible."
"Once the past has passed, the present presents presents. Tomorrow brings smiled"
"Even when loved ones seem distant, the heart finds a way to bridge the gap."
"He didn't want to be alone. As standoffish as he was, as cloaked in darkness as he was, he was lonely and didn't know how to ask for company."
"Work is a warbled throat, an appointment we make to keep the daylight coming."
I enjoy it more when they have a taste of hope before it ends.
"She wonders how terrifying it felt . . . looking at the sea, feeling like she was at the very end of it all. She wonders what it was that made her realize there was somewhere else to go."
Do you think I choose this for myself? I long to be free.
"Coincidence, and something she privately believed in, called fate, had just opened the future up to her. It looked very inviting indeed."
"I think that any loving act, even if it's only momentary, has a limitless power for good. A big part of the reason I feel that way is the memory I have of him."
"Some stories end where they began, in the silence of unanswered prayers."
"Even in the void of everything lost, the flicker of hope remains unyielding."
"On every mountain of despair, there is a rock of hope; keep looking."
[A]ll you keep in any life after this one is your name and the names of those you knew and liked in life ... they are etched on your soul like cracks in clay
Hope is the strength that keeps us going.
"The stats weren't so good, but if you remember, stats don't mean anything."
Remove hope from man and you’ve taken his most priceless earthly possession.
I am going to wake up and keep trying to do good and so are you and nobody gets to vote on that.
The messages that have been played to us all our lives have had a powerful influence in forming our thoughts about life.
"My Mom and Dad had been drinking beer having a good time when suddenly, Dad thought it was time to teach me how to swim, so… he threw me overboard, in the deep end of the harbor."
Healing is the activation of inner resources during the process of recovery.
"All the same, we cling to our last pleasures as the tree clings to its last leaves."
"Hope is always near to those who believe.""` [pg 44, Sir Edward"
All you can do is regret. Regret ever playing hope’s game in the first place. Promise yourself that you will never fall into that trap again.
You are an engine that turns pain into hope.
The sun has gone down yet to find the feast of stars is to sense the freedom of soul.
"It was hopeless to regret; instead, he made a pact with Regret: “You will lead me back to Hope, and nowhere else."
Letting go of hope is sometimes the most optimistic thing you can do.
"Life may be challenging, but there is always music. Listen to the music."
"From the mire, you will rise, break through the surface, undaunted by the weight of silence."
"Life carried on. Much as it always had. In this harsh and rugged place, where all could seem hopeless, but where sometimes, inexplicably… new hopes were forged. In blood and fire and sand. And sky."
He thought about the many unknowns of life: love and its many layers; hope and its many heights; truth and its many treasures.
There was hope. Hope was there.
The hope was to end neurodivergent oppression everywhere by redesigning the world in ways that would cultivate neurodivergent thriving.
"To retreat is to walk alone. To explore is to walk with generations, dead and alive, in an act of love."
"All we can do is trust in the Force and hope that when the time comes, the future will judge our actions kindly."
"How Nietzsche saw it: Of course hope is an evil. In reality it is the worst of all evils, he said, for it prolongs the torments of man."
It's always hope that ruins everything.
No matter how you feel or what you think....you're never alone.
"It is never too late to find happiness, surely?"
No more problems. Just free. Run in a field with my hair down kind of free.
"Satan’s breath be damned, the nasty beast is still in there."
"When hope is reduced to a soundbite, it will leave us starving and betrayed. Genuine hope is the nourishing fuel of imagination and resistance."
You must never let anyone or anything steal a dream like that away from you. There's nothing stupid about it.
Hope works best when you do nothing.
Honk if Thatcher's dead.
What possesses the poor souls? Why this mad desire To get back to the light?
"Under the never-setting black sun, in the boundless gloom, our journey continued."
"For one terrible moment, Vitrine allowed herself to believe that it was not as bad as she knew it was."
...Arm yourself With a flaming spear of empathy And destroy the apathy That keeps you from seeing Yourself and others compassionately Destroy the lie that 'There is nothing we can do'...
"Love mingled with grief, and rage. Hope mingled with despair. Sounds like the state of our world right now."
"It is when my dreams hang by a thread that I come to understand that a dream is never sustained by a thread. Rather, a dream is sustained by the knowledge that a dream is its own thread."
"Life, after all, was a long, drawn-out struggle. No matter how much sadness there was, how much loss and despair awaited us, you had to steadily move forward, step by painful step."
"Be the star that shines over the void Of our diminution and kindles a new flame, Be the spark that awakens a dormant human; Be a new ray of the old sound – (our) rekindled hope."
"There is no space but for the light that flows and dreams. Light is space and hope, a spark and deception – The sole source of movement."
"The emotional scars of FGM are as deep as the physical ones, serving as a constant reminder of the violation"
"Hold on, hang on, onto hope."
"Hold on, hand on, onto hope."
I am a wreck destroyed by an earthquake in this city that has been bombed for years.
"As the tide ebbs and flows, so too do the waves of despair; trust that the currents of hope will guide you back to shore."
"In the depths of despair, may you find a flicker of hope, a soft whisper that life still holds beauty beyond the shadows."
"In moments of profound sorrow, remember that the struggle does not define you; it is merely a chapter in your unfolding story."
"The heart, though wounded, possesses an infinite capacity for renewal; each tear shed nourishes the soil of new beginnings."
"In the stillness of the night, may you find solace in the stars, a reminder that even in darkness, light endures."
"When the heart feels too heavy to bear, seek the quiet sanctuary within; there, amidst the stillness, peace awaits."
"The journey through sorrow is a sacred pilgrimage; may you walk it gently, honoring the lessons embedded within each step."
"As the seasons shift, remember that just as winter surrenders to spring, so too can your heart transform in time."
"In the tapestry of life, even the darkest threads hold purpose; may you find meaning in the patterns of your own unfolding."
You are a vessel of untold stories; in your struggle lies the potential to inspire others seeking their own light.
"Where there's hope, disappointment is lurking, waiting for its turn."
People who do nothing change nothing.
"If humanity has lost its way now, this doesn't mean the story is over. On the contrary, it is time for enlightenment, where we can help one another write a new story."
The calm is always pressing itself into the backside of every storm.
Feelings can reveal lost relationships in ages or present futures and happiness just by living it.
"She reads aloud from Eliot—“‘I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing’”—and then she closes the book and sets it aside."
"Your eyes are a blue sea, and the crashing waves pull me in. Will I drown as always, or will your smile save me again?"
In the flames forged a tougher and wiser skeleton of a frame.
"There can be unexpected events, unreasonable waiting, unpredictable people and an uncertain future, yet nothing happens beyond the sovereign knowledge of God"
"Solace is recognising God hears, remembers, sees and knows"
"This was a period of hope, true, but we harbor the illusion that times of hope are devoid of tensions and conflict when, in my experience, they are the most dangerous."
what dow e we're
History is repeating. But it doesn’t have to go the same way as last time. While learning from the past and changing shape… history will keep on going – toward the hope of tomorrow.
"Eventually, one forgets whether leaving is even an option when leaving means starting over."
"I am both an idealist and a realist, because my heart has hope and my mind is aware."
Only the naive get the luxury of hope.
A few feeble words can ignite a miracle.
Don’t turn away. Keep your gaze on the bandaged place. That’s where the light enters you.
"In the stillness, I breathed, and for the first time, the air tasted like hope."
"What if we dream together?"" —Dread"
"The mirror lied, but I believed every fractured truth it whispered. In the pursuit of everything, I became nothing. And now, hope fades slowly, like a candle swallowed by an endless night."
"I think we're a part of nature... We're born, and we live, and then we die. And our bodies return to the earth. Things grow from it again. So we're always part of the universe."
"I lost myself in him, and instead of trying to convince myself that someday everything would be okay, I focused on the fact that, right now, it already was."
"To those chasing dreams, never give up on them. We are not quitters, you hear me?"
"Remember that miracles happen every day. As long as you are alive, there will always be an opportunity for a complete transformation. Do not give up!"
Alone we are born And die alone; Yet see the red-gold cirrus Over snow-mountain shine.
"Life’s burdens can feel insurmountable, yet within every wound lies the seed of healing, waiting patiently for the dawn."
I think I am very sad. But I won't be forever.
"Replete is the body which holds for us these sublime ecstasies, replete with sanctity and graces, all of it so briefly; it glitters wondrously on the ground, then extinguishes like a flame."
"When the path ahead seems obscured, trust that the journey itself will unfold with its own hidden wisdom."
"As the seasons change, so do the rhythms of our lives; may we learn to flow with grace through every cycle."
"Remember that hope is a good thing,... maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies."
"Through what looks like our life’s darkest storms, taking action leads us to outcomes we never expected."
"Life comes to us unbridled; shall we hide? Or will we, through the pleasure and the pain, embrace the greatest heights we can attain and smile upon the world with hearts flung wide?"
"In Moon View, the air felt different, like hope was threaded into each breeze that rolled over the vineyards. For the first time in a long time, Sarah believed in new beginnings."
the pillars of hope have been built on your name
I hope Andy is down there. I hope I can make it across the border. I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.
"Our words can build up or tear down; let us choose to be architects of hope, laying the foundations of faith in every conversation."
The condition of the soul can be treated independently of the situation one finds oneself in.
Hope tells you that you can still win even when you feel all is lost.
"Sometimes the flames are the best starting point, and the fire isn’t always as it seems. Things are meant to be good or bad. The biggest ideas sometimes are the smallest of things."
And it seemed suddenly that suffering was an idea I’d known in another existence and would never know again.
"So we live past hope. If I can find hope anywhere, that's it, that's the best I can do. It's so much not enough. It's so inadequate. But still bless me anyway. I want more life."
"Everything will eventually get better, But first, it will get worse."
in the face of trials when hope seems lost and shadows linger casting a doubt i hope resilience becomes your warrior song
The Miserable Have No Other Medicine But Only Hope.
"No life is ordinary. No life is without hope, without light, even during the unimaginable."
"But hope is a difficult thing to kill, just a spark of it can start a fire..."
"All you can do is start where you are. But you can start—right here, right now. You absolutely can."
I have great hopes which I must feed by doing all I can. For hopes shape my reality when fed by work and plans.
"Soon we will be gone. To Europe, where the wind’s weight of whispers do not matter; where wind, and all its suggestions have been obliterated."
"So you want a genuine, positive, effective change in your life? Then repent, repent, repent."
"If you are afraid, sad, tired or lonely if you feel lost or strange if you crave stories and adventure, and the magic possibility of a forest path - this book is for you"
"Made-up names come from dreamers. Their real names were stolen long ago so they dream up new ones. They make a way out of no way, make names out of no names - pull them from the sky!"
We'll be alright
"Don’t worry if the flowers pass, I’ll be right there to plant you more"
"If I'm not heading toward a place where I can feel joy, then hope in the present has nothing to hold on to."
"No matter how corrupt or greedy our government is, our corporations, our media, our religious and charitable institutions may come, the music will still be wonderful"
Every ending writes the first chapter of something new.
"I dare to dream, hope and cherish a life beyond these transitory portals of mortality."
"Take God out of the world, and we might as well take the life out of the world. Take God out of life, and we might as well take our lives."
"They had used all of their Gifts getting us here. Still renewed, I would get them to our new home."
"Let us give up the illusion of hope, which betrays; of love, which wearies; of life, which surfeits but never satisfies; and even of death, which brings more than we want and less than we hope for."
"Come with us, we'll take you across the bridge..."
"Faith and hope - that's all we're following. A little hope is better than a lot of courage. Bravery without hope is worthless, but with it, resolve can harden like the mountains, becoming unmoveable."
"Pastor Pauline has also joined the Women Like Me Community, and many of the Women in her Church have written books whose proceeds go back to them, helping with desperately needed food and supplies."
"Through the storm, I found the strength I never knew I had."
"Even the darkest nights will end, and the sun will rise again"
"You may have lived longer than me, but I might have understood life far better than you."
"It's more important to be the hope and help, than have the hope that help is on the way."
It's more important to be the hope than have hope.
The greatest hopes are always hopeless.
Believing is halfway to achieving.
"And where there is love, you can live even without happiness. Life is good even in sorrow; it is good to live in the world. However you live."
It is time for you to stop searching elsewhere for light and to create it within yourselves.
Someone will come sing into these empty spaces.
"Embrace the mountain for its view and the valley for its vision, knowing each serves a purpose in your journey."
"The mountain gives us a place to shout our triumphs, the valley a space to whisper our plans for the next ascent."
You know when your leg falls asleep how it hurts when the circulation starts again? I'm not sure I want to hope. I don't want to get disappointed again.
"What a leap of faith. To love in spite of loss, to begin again when you’ve already failed, to reach for joy knowing that it brings pain, too, that life is inseparable from damage. - 99%"
"There is hope —even in unimaginable circumstances. There is hope in our living. Even in moments of despair, possibility and opportunity emerge, and with an open heart, even joy can be triumphant."
Her soul was a garden blooming with hope and with each new day she tended to its weeds and wounds bringing it ever slowly back to life.
"Hope means to take charge, Hope means unsubmission. Hope means to not lose sight, Hope means to cause illumination."
"You might try then, as I did, to find a sky so full of stars it will blind you again."
We have so many hopes and goals and to-dos on the path to accomplishing our dreams that we lose perspective on how far we’ve come.
I wish I could run free with the horses and never again be the daughter of dropped miracles.
"Don’t let the bad times get you down, You have some of those moments where life tells you, it’s time to cry. Without those, what would fuel the poet?"
"No matter the resistance dragging at their feet, the hope in their hearts rose high above the doubts in their minds."
No yesterday can hold tomorrow’s sun captive to a horizon from which it cannot rise.
"Knowledge can bring pain in place of ignorance, terror in place of hope' - Telle"
"But with the morning came hope, and a brighter view of things."
"What determines our lives as NDNs and/or queers are pain and trauma, love and hope. Death looms at all scales, individual to planetary."
"The sky is not the limit, it's the starting point in a universe of possibilities"
"Sunsets are proof that no matter what, every day can end beautifully."
The layers of his ego are heavy enough to bend even the sturdiest branches of her hope.
The Sun rises even on gloomy days
"If the birds keep on making nests, if they know there’s gonna be a tomorrow, then I wanna stick around and see what they’re singing about. They’re who I’m gonna listen to. . ."
Through this fresh wound coursed a catalyst. I had to make something. Even if it was for nothing.
"Hope is a strange thing. It flickers like a candle flame, wavering when you least expect it and yet refusing to die completely."
Grief is not an attractive part of life. No one wants to relive it or get a selfie of their grief experience. But suffering (going through) the grieving process made me the conqueror I am today.
Each scar has a story and a testimony.
"Hope is the light you hold fast to when passing through darkness. With it, you will surely find your way. With it, you will surely find what you’re searching for."
Whatever gives you hope has given you one of the greatest gifts ever.
"I stay myself, doing what I do, feeling as I feel, unapologetically saying and doing things in my own way."
There is nothing when we are gone--at least nothing that means anything to those left behind. Dead is gone. But still we hope.
Hope can bloom in the most desolate places.
"For every storm, a rainbow will follow."
"Have confidence in yourself, and start again."
"I remember thinking that the fading of hopes and ambitions was mostly painless. That was good, but it was also rather horrible."
For every ebb there’s a flow; for every flow there’s an ebb. The full moon must wane just as the new moon must wax. Happiness turns to sorrow; sorrow is reborn as hope.
"Life is good, so good, if you'll only let it be"
Was there nothing left in this world that was worth opening your eyes and fighting for?
But the fact that a man who dealt with the absolute worst of humanity every single day could still find a moment to be charitable gave me a glimmer of hope.
Hope is the slowest poison.
"They give me strength, they give me confidence, they give me hope, and they make me believe that tomorrow is like, going to be even better. -Grateful Dead"
Just begin at the beginning and proceed whichever way you can into hope.
"Mason cries, a complicated sound full of abating grief and rising joy. /That is what it means to be human/, Jude whispers—to herself, to the Witch."
"Do not lament over your past, but rather look at the beauty of your future."
I hoped. And hope is a jagged knife. Hope pieces together dreams out of broken glass only for reality to come and smash them all over again. Hope is the cruelest punishment of them all.
"This hope might have appeared to me like a cloud the size of a man’s fist in a vast open sky, in the middle of the desert, in the middle of a drought … But there was rain in that cloud."
But it’s okay… it will all be over soon.
"The river was like a bit of string, following her through time and place, anchoring her here – to a village that she hated with all her heart – but also moving her along."
Life could not be avoided. Death comes for everyone. But that did not mean one could not be healed. That did not mean one could not be saved.
"This singing wind, this everlasting sky."
"She’s in the rain You wanna hurt yourself, I’ll stay with you You wanna make yourself go through the pain It’s better to be held than holding on"
"Keep yourself open to unexpected blessings, dear."
"Such is hope, such is love. That lost in darkness, above the dim ever-distant blighted night HOPE is the BEACON and LOVE is the LIGHT."
Vision tempered by fear is blindness.
"Most of you don’t win because you can’t let go of fear, comfort, laziness, or childhood attachments."
It's your will to keep the hope; it's God's will to fulfill it.
"I grew up in the valley of that mountain, just poor enough that I could imagine a way out."
"If hope and optimism could be measured in facial expressions, the smiles and sparkling eyes in the room that day would have guaranteed our success"
"She was like a butterfly not yet free from its cocoon, its beautiful wings still curled up. She was full of something he felt he'd lost. Hope. The thrill of living."
Is everybody else sick too?' I asked with some hope.
"I pictured hope as a candle that needed to keep burning, no matter what."
My love for him is what kept me alive. It's the type of love that gave me hope.
"all the emotions, hope was the most mysterious. It grew like the blue lotus, snaking up from muddy hearts, beautiful while it lasted."
"May all your tears from grief water the flowers of hope, as though the more the tears, the more the flowers'll grow."
"In the end, the only thing that a life unreclaimed by God can claim is that it has nothing to claim despite claims to the contrary."
The mind of man is a cistern in a land where it never rains.
Your scars don't define you. Rather you let them show your strength.
No hope is necessary to undertake anything.
I think life is about living the many lives within this one life we have on Earth.
Hope is stupid. Eternally stupid.
"Behind a smile, anxiety lurks, ready to steal happiness."
Your desire You desire to shine To be understood To be respected To be loved Consumes you The beauty-drinking eyes That feast upon dreams Calls your name Love I love you
"People need stories, child. They bring them hope, and that hope is real."
"Life is like coffee, sometimes when you feel you are drowned in hot water, life is actually brewing you to extract your true essence and spread the aroma of your inner self around."
"But I still want to keep trying. The days ahead are so long. Perhaps one day it’ll get better… Well, what if?"
we know it ends in flame because those with power were never taught to relinquish / we wait for them to / we forget you can't give up what wasn't yours to begin with
"Hope springs eternal, I guess, and is rarely questioned when it’s harbored by a woman whose idea of “Hello” sometimes involves frag grenades."
"Because of this one brave, new-thinking man, summer lives in the winter cave."
"When the road gets really rough, lean on Him even more. He is still The Way!"
"You know, birds always find their way home, no matter the distance. Perhaps you will, too."
"Happiness consists in having something to love, something to do, and something to hope for."
"The certainty of a future rests in the fact that God created it, He already exists in it, and your role has been established in advance of your arrival there."
"In a world where religion is taboo, we have to understand that heaven is the purgatory we created"
"Hope is the whisper of possibility in the darkest of nights, igniting the flame of resilience within."
"When we see a broken piano, we still press its keys to see if it is playing, and this is called hope! Hope is a fascinating desire not to lose things!"
Just take a deep breath and go on in there with your head held high. Look for good things and good things [are] what you'll find...
"There are certain things in this world that a person must do, even if they know it's impossible."
"We are not our enemy. We are Alderaan. We answer rage with wisdom. We answer fear with imagination. We answer war with hope. We are, each of us, important. Alderaan survives."
"I ate the very last food scraps, starving for the light up above. That was when I saw you new buds, your stems reaching into the dark. [Seeking Sanctuary]"
A luminous mountain morning. Little flowers peep out from the abandoned trails in early spring and gaze at a new road.
But it seems my heart is alive and perhaps I should treat it as a more precious thing than I do.
"You’re so damn hungry for love, sure, and you’re still like a child, clutching at its skirts, watching wide-eyed and wondering and wanting, wanting, wanting."
We have within us an enormous capacity to heal and open our lives.
"The American position was to reject British counsel, and to base everything on the hope of future Russian cooperation. The Russians, after all, had signed certain documents."
"The little stories of love, kindness, peace, hope, and dreams are more important than the mega stories of money, fame, victory, and revenge."
...people can be infected by optimism.
"Brave Empath, it's so important to embrace your gifts. Not just so that you can use your full potential. Also to avoid wasting time."
"Hope, once invested in, always pays dividends."
"If we carry enough hope, we can heal the world."
"Yes, I see it. It is falling to the ground Scarred with burn holes and marks, yet still it floats. It whispers gently in the wind like Fleur with all her hope."
"Echoes of life call to me, like sparks of hope in the darkness. Times of play and freedom ... The trees we would climb, higher and higher towards the sky, releasing our dreams towards the heavens."
Grass must bring life.
"It seemed that every story had God in it, even for those who didn’t believe."
"...in the power of love and creativity, in the power of imagination...truth and hope is made possible."
"In sickness and in health, I am in a long-term committed relationship with life."
There's always hope. Sometimes it's the last thing left.
Maybe to have hope is to have courage. To have wings. Maybe that’s enough.
"I create a thread of hope out of nothing, and I pull on it. I am, in whatever way, still alive, and I deserve to love. There is more to life than the people I love. And there are more people to love."
"Hope's a bitch', says Finn, and i make a strange attempt at a laugh. 'I thought burnout was a bitch' 'Burnout's a picnic compared to hope. Unless your hopes come true."
Hope has then also effectively been automated and even been digitalised.
"Another abyss that we have cross, another abyss that we have to stare into in the hope it won't stare back to us."
And so I poured my own love into my own beautiful soul until it was so full that it no longer settled for scraps.
"And what we have growing here is hope. Hope that after these many years of the Trials of the Innermost, we will have a new song to sing."
We carry mercy in the absence of Justice.
To refuse to live your dream is to choose to endure a nightmare.
"If you don't lose your hope of reaching the sun, the sun will reach you even if you can't reach the sun!"
That was a bad idea. That would make me think about him even more. That would hurt me more. That would give me hope for something that wouldn’t happen.
"I finally know why my heart beats faster when you're not around I guess it's hoping you'll hear it, 'cause you know; it's beating for you."
"As tears ran down her cheeks, she felt hope rise up within her, like a sapling growing amidst the ruins of a fallen city. Hope, not spoiled or defiled by tragedy, but purified."
The Bible is the only book I've ever read where the Hero dies for the villain.
The fire within us is greater than the furnace before us.
"However ridiculous, however backward, however inexpedient loving one's neighbour may seem in he world, it is still the highest a man is capable of doing."
To be able to believe that my actions...that my life wasn't meaningless...that's what hope is.
But who will find him if he's lost? Who will find the little boy? Goodness will find the little boy. It always has. It will again.
"...This time I learned my lesson, I stopped hoping..."
"Fill them with hope in their darkest hours, and watch them gradually bloom again."
"But the problem with hope was also what made it so wonderful. Once a bit of hope had come to life, it was difficult to kill."
"When it comes to friendships, QUALITY is much more important than QUANTITY."
"To-morrow to fresh woods, and pastures new."
"One day you realise your youth has passed you by and the train's left, if you see what I mean.' 'There's always another train. Always"
"I could believe in them. In Andel’s strange protectiveness, Vidrol’s daring hope, Vale’s strength, Fjor’s aching weakness, and the fact that Helki was … mostly still just an asshole."
"Well, that's the beauty, isn't it? You just never know how it ends."
hope is a driving force in the fight for liberation. if we have no hope for freedom then we've already lost.
"Christ be with me, Christ within me, Christ behind me, Christ before me, Christ beside me, Christ to win me, Christ to comfort and restore me."
"The context for hope is radical uncertainty; anything could happen, and whether we act or not has everything to do with it."
We are our greatest prison and our worst warden.
"In the darkest nights, hope shines the brightest"
I believe that having something to hope for - even if it's just a better tomorrow - is the most powerful drug on this planet
Easter is the brazen declaration that there is nothing that we can destroy that need remain destroyed.
"On the wings of one thousand paper cranes, hope finally answered."
Hope isn't founded by certainties. It's the belief that the bad ending might not happen.
"When people lost hope, they somet8mes lost their humanity too. Desperate people did desperate things, became avatars of unexpected tragedy."
The oasis is always over the next hill. And the next hill is always more of the same desert.
"The literature of imagination, even when tragic, is reassuring... because it offers a world large enough to contain alternatives."
"The way the sunflowers turn to see the rising sun, and the way the moonlight shines upon the sleeping sea. Your presence seems to have a very similar effect on me..."
"You wish to trample on everything that I have been through, and yet call me a child for holding onto hope?"
Unless our hope is rooted in something bigger than that which seeks to crush our hope we will never experience anything greater than the ‘hope’ of hope.
"In the rare hopeful hour, I tell myself this darkness has a purpose: to help me recognize light if I ever find it again."
"Perhaps, but the mind is also a powerful force. What you believe, you often see. And what you hope, often comes to be."
Pathogens thrive on inequality and injustice.
"Maybe we need to know these things young, because we're the matter being rearranged. Maybe it's us."" ""You and me?"" ""I hope."
There are also times in life when a person has to rush off in pursuit of hopefulness.
Hope in a lie—hope in me—is not true hope
"Comfort ‘s in heaven; and we are on earth, Where nothing lives but crosses, cares, and grief."
It’s never too early to start hoping!
I’d like to know vere hope dvells zese days ’cause it certainly doesn’t seem to dvell anyvere on Rishona.
"The world is always ending, and yet it continues to survive. We must always hope for a sustainable future, but hope is not enough."
Peace as rumor and hope as the stuff of myth is the manifestation of the person who cannot see beyond the short horizon of circumstance.
"I am prepared to do anything to live, to thrive. I survived. And I will now too."
"Ah! can it be that out of sorrow's night, From tears, from yearning pain, from long despair, Into joy's sunlight I shall come again?"
Why chase dreams when you are meant to catch stars?
Speak life Speak Hope Speak Truth
"There had been lasers and sugar and wookies in the old world, right? She'd laughed and laughed and cried a tiny bit and said no, none of those things, those were all just stories."
"Life, too, passes through difficult winters. But after any winter, spring will follow..."
"When the root of our shame is willingly chosen and shared, it loses its power to shame us. It is no longer shame at all."
Hope refuses the constraints of our fear.
Those who stare us in the face and adamantly declare that there is no hope typically do so out of the deeply troubling fear that our passion will be ignited by the reality that it does.
"AND IF THE CHAIR CAN CHANGE SOMEONE'S HEART, IT DEFINITELY HAS IT'S PURPOSE ."
Truth must be a fragile thing if it only survives in one language.
"If worlds can change, then words must change."
"In language, everything lost is also something gained. Everything gained is also something lost. Every way of seeing is also a way of not seeing."
"At the sound of precious doors closing, don't just settle for a window. Instead, welcome the collapsing of the walls around you, and the sky becoming your infinite ceiling."
"Stars may feel lonely, shining alone in the night, but together, they make the whole sky bright."
The sky grows dark The Black over blue Yet the stars still dare To shine for you
There’s hope. There is always hope. You can start from wherever you are. No path is forever.
"I hope that one day, I can again believe in you and sing a song for you while holding you in my arms near the terraced rice fields that glow golden in the late afternoon light."
"That's the thing about folklore. However dreamy or far-fetched it may seem, it fuels hope and ultimately becomes a lighthouse for the children of Jahangirpuri to aspire towards."
"Be radically hopeful; dream of a better world, dream of better days. I guess what I’m saying really is, be brave enough to hope that things will get better."
"Even nature; the restless waves, irregular trees, and stars all out of line show that chaos can be beautiful!"
There are still people out there to whom we are not merely the sum of the bad things that have happened to us.
"If despair threatens to overwhelm you, ask yourself: who is waiting for me, in need of my help? And then - reach out your hand."
I have seen enough of God’s wily ways with the Powers to stake my life on the side of hope.
"Every human carries three instincts: desire, hope, and waiting. They turn desperate if their size decreases, and they turn crazy if their size increases."
"Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place."
"You cleanse my soul,” I whispered in her ear. “You are my hope."
"I cannot change who I was, but you have changed who I shall become."" - Caleb"
"You cannot change who I was, but you have changed who I shall become."" - Caleb."
"You cannot change who I was, but you have changed who I shall become."
"There is reasonable hope. Hopelessness-just like its opposite, blind hope-is the result of a belief in permanance."
"Reinvention requires both a kind of death and a desire to keep living. And so at its core, reinvention is inextricably linked to hope: the hope that we can find another way, take another shape."
"Oh yes you can, Doodle,' I said. 'All you got to do is try."
"The simple sharing of hope, its weight not so heavy after all, is a wonder. A lifting. A rising. A surfacing."
You need Hope to be hopeful and on some level to even be hopeless...
"In my darkest days, I grew hope by pressing into the ancient stories. I followed the thread of love stretching from Mary Magdalene’s life, through the lives of the saints, and down into mine."
Every relationship is a finite disappointment. Sensuality is what gives it infinite hope.
"Hope: not a beacon, no spark in the darkness, nothing so bright to give it away. It waits in deep shadow, dissolving in moonlight, watching, patient, counting your days."
"For human beings, hope is a necessary illusion. The more unbearable and extreme the misery of the present life, the greater is the need for the pretence. That is why hope is persistent."
What started out as a simple crush soon became irresistible love. The kind of love that makes you feel invincible and makes you a stronger person. The kind of love that makes the impossible possible.
"Whoever came ... did so when their prayers had gone unanswered, when the mortal healers had thrown up their hands. They came in the depths of their despair."
"I cannot count the stars in the sky, but I know I can always count on them to be there for me, no matter what happens."
It's never too late. You'll never feel ready
HOPE means Human On Patrol Eternally.
"Be the ray, without delay - You are the hope for all humanity. You know what the word ""hope"" means - HOPE means Human On Patrol Eternally."
"If we allow ourselves to perceive each other as enemies, to be enemies, and to behave as if we are, there is no hope. We have to have empathy. We have to believe there is hope."
"His words offered the one thing I wanted—hope. But hope was a slippery thing. A dangerous thing. It meant lighting a flame and praying, against all odds, that it wouldn’t burn you in the end."
"You are the finest part of me, and I may be the worst part of you, but in the end, I am what you never expect to be, and you are what I can only wish for."
"Just once in my life, or hell, maybe even twice, can I be lucky?"
And he said... ...do not fill a wheelbarrow of happiness with false promises.
Today is the tomorrow we were hoping for yesterday
There is still a lot of love in this world and that’s what matters.
"Very little is enough for hope to exist! There is no need for him to see a sun in the darkness, even if he sees a weak candle far away, he will come into existence immediately!"
"Light, a special kind of hope, gone with the sun back with the moon."
Hope isn’t meant to save people
"Hold on to hope no matter the cost, because as long as there’s hope, everything else is just the unfortunate side effects of heartbreak and magic."
"Fear is nothing to be ashamed of,” he said. “Unless you let it rule you."
"It's the very nature of love that it can't be too much; it protects you even from yourself; it patrols its own ramparts, has its own spyglass."
By loving lots of people...and receiving lots of kindness...one day all the scars will just disappear.
Some people found it hard to celebrate when life sucked so much. Brennan said the best time to celebrate was when life sucked the most.
"Hope is useless.” My voice drops. The mere word crawls beneath my skin, makes me wince at the sound. “It’s nearsighted and blind to the fact that it always fails."
"The In-betweens: A Haiku Amidst hope and grief, Shrewdness and anger within, Am I but a thought..?"
"Hope is a powerful thing. Some say it's a different breed of magic altogether. Elusive, difficult to hold on to. But not much is needed."
Our families can be the living room with the fireplace that is cozy and welcoming and warm while the storms of winter rage outside.
"In the context of forever, we have all the time in the world"
"When there is love, even in the absence of opportunity, there will always be hope. Then anything is possible"
Striving for the impossible is not the same as toiling in vain.
"Grown-up people do not say what is true, but what they hope is true."
By loving lots of people... and receiving lots of kindness... one day all the scars will just disappear.
"What I used to be, was no good for me. But it was from that not-good that I organized the best thing of all: hope."
"I can handle the pain, it's the hope that kills me."
"She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, admiring his broad shoulders, his confident stride, and prayed her lies would not take him from her."
Thinking about the bacon-the potential of bacon-gives me hope. Not all is lost if bacon isn't
He uttered a triumphant cry: It is Accomplished! And it was as though he had said: Everything has begun
"I kept on believing that I should come to lay my bones in Africa. For this firm faith I had no other foundation, or no other reason, than my complete incompetency of imagining anything else."
"You lose sight of hope, and you’ve already lost."
"Sometimes the universe decided to rip apart your life and stomp on the pieces, and there wasn't a damn thing you could do about it except say, ""Now what?"
"Believe that you’ll survive another day, Roderich. And don’t just believe in tomorrow. Believe in next week, and next month, and next year. Believe in survival. Believe in joyful survival."
"This hope is not rooted in wishful thinking, but in concrete, tangible acts of the most sacrificial love that anyone has ever seen or lived."
"Because you helped that opichi, it helped you in return. Truly generous hearts recognize one another, little one."
He uttered a triumphant cry: It is Accomplished! And it was as though he had said: Everything has begun.
"I've believed that before. Somehow, I can't... I can't keep clinging to fringes of hope."
The answer to any and every ‘why’ is so that we might have a chance to love Him more.
A small bubble of self-esteem percolated up from my depths.
What we haven't imagined will one day spit us out magnificent and simple.
"...It's an affirmation of life and hope, of courage and quiet strength, of the defiant joy that exists alongside the sadness and the fear."
"Now she collapsed in a heap next to her boys. Although she was desperate for sleep, worries about getting more food kept her awake."
A story written but never told is lost to time.
Hope is the powerpack that sustains you through the ups and downs of whatever you’re pursuing.
It is something amazing God did for you and for me.
Navigate toward what you want rather than fixating on the past.
The winds of change whisper that tomorrow holds wonders we cannot yet conceive.
History flows through us. We need only gaze inward to glimpse the future's unwritten pages.
The future is a feast prepared from the fruits of today's labor.
"Each sunrise offers a new canvas, blank and brimming with potential."
Every inventive dream conjured today illuminates the possible pathways of tomorrow.
"If you follow your dream and never lose hope, the magic will always come to you."
And a part of me duck egg cracked
"We are all on Death Row, but some of us are looking at parole"
"As we turn to God, he provides strength for our weakness, peace for our anxiety and hope for our despair."
"A story written but never told is lost to time.” –Dustin Collins, author From: The Last Elder King"
You are the cove of which our storm-struck ships moor. The beacon of light in the darkest night leading us home. A candle whose flame flickers against the coldest wind. You've given them hope.
The existence of thorns on roses do not reduce the beauty that they hold.
"And in the end, I fear I was becoming less of myself-give me a reason for this insanity if not love."
"Today is the one that introduces Yesterday to Tomorrow. If it weren't for Today, Nostalgia would never meet Hope."
Your legacy is not simply a matter of what you do but a matter of who you do it for.
"Most of the time, when you regret something, you haven’t seen what the thing you regret can lead you to, if you let it."
"Many a soul has burned out inside but those who keep gazing at the stars, outperform the others...."
Only I could gift myself hope.
"She, a beacon of grace and forgiveness, and I, a flawed soul seeking redemption."
The only fool that we can control is the one that we hope to never become.
"No matter what happened to you as long as you're still breathing, there is still a hope. Never give up."
"If you wish to leave a legacy, the things you do cannot matter only to you."
"When the storm rages in the dark night, a voice on the wind will ask, “Who are you?”, and the quality and depth of your answer will determine whether you stand firm or flounder."
"Anxiety and depression are your friends. They tell you there is something undone that must be done, something you must do. They demand action."
"When you don’t know who you are, do something, something that seems worth doing, and keep doing that until you figure out who you are, or at least who you would like to be."
Life is amply confusing on its own; don’t create confusion where it doesn’t exist. You don’t get to make the world whatever you wish it to be. You don’t get to make yourself whatever you wish to be.
"I am an ambassador in chains,” wrote Paul in Ephesians 6:20."
"Some weeks some months some years are bad ones, but it can take just one day to turn it around. One day or a story."
"After all, belief was like glass - once broken it could be pieced back together but the fissures would always be there."
"When you break a promise, you break someone's hope too."
"When hope disappears, depression sets in."
"In Christian counseling, we acknowledge that brokenness does not define us but serves as a canvas for God's redemption to shine through."
"What drives a teacher is never what lies behind. At the heart of teaching is hope, and hope looks forward."
"A teacher casts his work into the wind, knowing not where it will be blown, in hopes that a seed will land somewhere it can take root and outlive the one who cast it."
"The first thing we are given, life itself, is the privilege of all privileges. Whatever else life brings us, having it at all should fill us with humility and gratitude."
"When everyone we know is a king or a queen, it is easy not to notice each other’s crowns, except when it benefits our self-pity or vanity to compare them."
"You have but one life. You could spend it taking stock of what others have and resenting it, or you could spend it taking stock of what you have and doing something with it."
"A woman in labor never asks, “Why me?” because she knows both the cause of her suffering and its effect, and that sense of reason and purpose gives her the capacity to endure it."
"Because the winter glass that is bitten by frost, does clear out when the sun shines . And there is sunshine always at last!"
"Biology has, for a long time, been her favourite way of knowing the world."
"Jerome says Peter founded the church in Antioch, Syria. If so, January 15–22, AD 34 was probably the time when Peter did it."
"The sea reminds her of the interior of an abalone shell. In this light, its colours are blue, green and white."
This is the world fourteen-year-old me couldn’t even begin to imagine. I’m already here.
Just because you don’t know the way out doesn’t mean one doesn’t exist.
I hope...that all mankind will at length…have reason and sense enough to settle their differences without cutting throats.
"Dreams are the wings that help us fly, the buoys that keep us afloat in an ocean called life, and the only bridge between illusion and reality."
"Being hopeful means never doubting that morning is on its way even in the darkest darkness of night, and acting with the psychological superiority of this thought!"
"My heart has a small dark chamber, an orphanage of my abandoned hopes. Every time I walk in there, I see you. I don't know why I cry."
"I admire your beliefs Miss Zeldin, and rest assured… you could never offend me."
"And as his body thaws into hers, he is no longer sure where her pleasure ends and his begins, for bodies and minds deliquesce into something of a stupor."
"And she kisses him with a hunger, using her tongue, and he closes his eyes and sees only the brilliance of pure blinding light."
"Nothing is simpler than despair, but I don't think any simple story tells the whole story. So all hail complexities"
"Let our hopes and aspirations awaken forces which in all time to come shall influence the welfare, the dignity, and the freedom of mankind. - Grover Cleveland"
"stretch the sadness like taffy, marvel at how portable pain can be when you welcome it."
Something stirred inside her that felt like hope — the kind of hope a lottery ticket held just before you checked its numbers.
"Sometimes, you don’t need reasons; you just need a reason to have those reasons. And hope gives you that."
Sip a cup of tea slowly and slide into a sleep that carries you back to those softer days when I cradled you in the curves of my consistency.
"Occasionally I think you could do with someone truly to look out for you...And I wish you well in your work. I hope one day you will be able to bring it to a conclusion, and find rest."
"Sometimes I wish the Assassin would return to Florence, that we might be free of this tyranny."
"In Christ, hope and healing are found"
"Our journey has not been easy, but it has been worth it. By facing our own traumas and biases, we have been able to better understand and love the diverse world around us."
"If you can dream a dream, you have begun fashioning a template for a greater reality. And at this point, the greatest dream may be believing in that reality."
"For many of us, the greatest dream is to believe in our dream."
My feelings were tangled up in knots. Guilt intertwined with innocence. Worry with calm. I had feelings I couldn’t name. But I believed that every human being had a right to live in peace.
"If our native country had become lawless, then surely, nothing was ‘wrong’ or ‘corrupt’ about us seeking refuge or citizenship in another country. At least we deserved the right to try."
"Peace, a force that can unlock, locked worlds."
Hopeless times call for hopeful leaders.
"Sometimes, it's the smallest things that can change everything when you least expect it."
You don't need a miracle. You just need the anticipation of one.
We sometimes eclipse our own dreams with reality (p.43)
"To believe, despite everything, to have hope- that was a choice."
Life is full of battles. Ye cannae escape them. Ye can only prepare to stand yer ground and fight them.
"I like to think that our story isn’t over just yet, that someday we’ll meet again and finally get it right."
It's a good Day for Kokomo
An optimist is someone who brings sunglasses on a rainy day.
"In the solitary farmhouse of the hills there was a great joy in life, much tenderness, and much hope."
"Perception is not a permanent state, it's an instance in a running loop."
They are turning night into day. When will they turn missiles into trees and guns into flowers?
"When you faced hostile situations, you must always have hope to overlook the cruel conditions."
You must have dauntless hope to take actions to overcome any difficulty.
"To hope,' said Indigo, clinking her glass to mine. 'And to all the beautiful ways in which we can forget its fatality."
"So much of managing in society is keeping one's chin up,"" Tessa added carefully, [...] and disregarding the ignorant things people say""."
"And all that is to be, And seems to me, is full of possibilities."
"If I’d learned anything over the past few weeks, it was that talking about your loved ones kept them alive, and I needed that. I was certain Jax needed that, too."
The future belongs to those who choose hope – and those who leverage technology to positively impact what’s next for humanity.
Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.
"You cannot change your roots, but you can choose the places you grow towards, the things your hands reach for, the people your heart beats for."
"New hope, new courage to conquer."
"Great hope, great courage."
A faithful God gives hope to face unknown future.
There is nothing like timeless hope.
"To be civilized, really, is to be aware of the others, their hopes, their gladnesses, their illusions about life"
"If there was one thing Zafira didn't do, it was hope. Hope was as much a disease as love was."
"Hope can be dangerous because it means exposing yourself to the possibility of success, to allow yourself to imagine a happy ending, only to be confronted by cold, brutal disappointment."
"You’re starting over, and anyone who has the guts to start over is strong"
"You are allowed to go slow. There’s no timeline to healing. You walk at the pace that works for you, and I’ll carry you when your legs get tired. You don’t have to walk this path alone."
"Maybe it isn’t about getting to the sunlight, but being able to weather the storm with those you love most."
"You live with an attachment to a future outcome that generates chronic excess anxiety and you call that anxiety ""hope."
She got herself a cup of coffee and watched the setting sun from the corner of her eyes leaning against his back. The diamond ring shone in her navel like a chandelier of hope.
"There was still hope. I still had a chance to resurrect myself. I’d just have to do it consciously, every step of the way."
"Maybe the gift of being human is that we do not give up- even when all hope is lost."" -Nikolai Lantsov"
Strengthen my heart To keep speaking what I know is true Even when it hurts And brings pain I must go through.” —From the poem ‘Offering
Some things only become possible once you truly believe they can. Some things only become visible once you truly believe they are. Some things only come to pass once you truly believe they will.
Use a pen to write the story but use your heart to tell the tale.
All broken things. Augmented with hope of Gold. A new Kentsugi Heart. (Haiku)
"There's a promise between beginnings and end. And, there's a hope between end and beginnings..!!"" O' Autumn, you'll never stop, singing your sanguine songs."
"Dear God, help me not to pray in order to get something. Help me to pray in order to do something."
"Where there is hope, there is a way forward. The light of hope can illuminate even the darkest of times and point us toward a brighter tomorrow."
It's not so much time is circular as time confuses memory with hope and fear which often looks like the future
There are things we can do. It is very important to come home to ourselves and look deeply to see what we can do every day to help the situation. Taking action helps us not to drown in despair.
"We agreed that the true enemy of man is not man. Our enemy is not outside of us. Our true enemy is the anger, hatred, and discrimination that is found in the hearts and minds of man."
Infinite possibilities stared at my as I began dreaming about April showers and May flowers.
"Never believe that hope is dead. Life will always keep dealing challenges. So, hope is always on the table. You just have to bet on it."
"Be You, Do You, and Don't Change For Nobody But You"
"For a while I believe I am flying, not falling."
"Just like the sun dispels the shadows of the night each morning, embracing your heart's true desire is the only way to dispel fear and doubt."
"Hope rests in the immovable reality that it is impervious to everything that would say it’s not. And despite how desperate our moment might be, herein lays our immovably impervious rest."
"Nothing, Everything, Anything, Something: If you have nothing, then you have everything, because you have the freedom to do anything, without the fear of losing something."
"The light in you, is gar brighter than the darkness. Don't forget that."
"Planting a tree cultivates our spiritual nature. It gifts one hope, pride, and a sense of purpose."
Even fallen trees contain an aura of greatness.
No loss should ever be viewed as a failure.
"no matter what happens, growth and survival are possible under any circumstance"
The trees that surround my home are trusted friends.
"Among the trees, I have come to find that there is no age limit to exploration. There is no end to learning."
My children are my great work.
Growing a healthy baby takes patience. It also requires faith and love.
The trees remain friendly regardless of where I go or who I meet.
The desire to be wealthy is a good one. It allows you to be useful to those close to you and your community. To be of service should be the intent of your desire to acquire material wealth.
"I am struggling to live because I have hope. If I didn't have hope, I would have died a long time ago."
"No matter how closed-off the world became, the sky was still blue, and the trees continued to paint it with emerald and gold leaves."
I want everyone to know that nothing can prevent them from growing and maturing as needed.
"When you feel stunted, look to the trees."
Go and grow with love.
"I fought the urge to look at the sky, afraid of retribution for something that felt so good."
Trauma buries me. But prayer has a huge shovel.
"We don’t know what we will see and where we’ll reach once we begin to think, once we begin to dream."
"You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth."
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
"As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once."
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages."
"Love all, trust a few, Do wrong to none: be able for thine enemy Rather in power than use; and keep thy friend Under thy own life's key: be check'd for silence, But never tax'd for speech."
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."
"There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment."
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
"You love me. Real or not real?"" I tell him, ""Real."
"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature."
"Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it."
"You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not."
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
"If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything."
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.
"When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable."
"Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears. ""After all this time?"" ""Always,"" said Snape."
"A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment."
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
"I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul."
"Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can."
"The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person."
"He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same."
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
We love the things we love for what they are.
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
"You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together."
Doubt thou the stars are fire; Doubt that the sun doth move; Doubt truth to be a liar; But never doubt I love.
"Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold."
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field. I'll meet you there. When the soul lies down in that grass the world is too full to talk about.
"Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering."
We loved with a love that was more than love.
"Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something."
"And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…"" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word. ""What a stupid lamb,"" I sighed. ""What a sick, masochistic lion."
"This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something."
I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.
What's meant to be will always find a way
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
"If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets."
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
"For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home."
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
"Love is so short, forgetting is so long."
"I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun."
"Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new."
"What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again."
"Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it."
"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction."
"It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight."
"More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate."
"It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done."
"I think... if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts."
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.
"You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have."
"I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt."
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
"The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too."
"He is half of my soul, as the poets say."
"Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up."
When love is not madness it is not love.
"I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be."
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
All I ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.
"In the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. Their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun."
"If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go."
"True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning."
I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
"Do you think I'm pretty? I think you're beautiful Beautiful? You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes."
"I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything."
"If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain."
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
"Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness."
"It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them."
"What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul"
"When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."
"Hate the sin, love the sinner."
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
"Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect."
"Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift."
"One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well."
Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.
"If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?"
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
"One love, one heart, one destiny."
I want To do with you what spring does with the cherry trees.
"The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over."
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
As if you were on fire from within. The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
"He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry."
I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.
"It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful."
"Tonight I can write the saddest lines I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too."
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
"I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity."
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.
"You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs."
"Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again."" ""Hell,"" I said, ""I love you enough now. What do you want to do? Ruin me?"" ""Yes. I want to ruin you."" ""Good,"" I said. ""That's what I want too."
Happiness [is] only real when shared
"Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee."
"When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him."
"Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused."
"Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile."
"You couldn't relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole--like the world, or the person you loved."
And then he gives me a smile that just seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me.
"When I am with you, we stay up all night. When you're not here, I can't go to sleep. Praise God for those two insomnias! And the difference between them."
"Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another."
"A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved."
"A DEFINITION NOT FOUND IN THE DICTIONARY Not leaving: an act of trust and love, often deciphered by children"
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.
"Was it hard?"" I ask. Letting go?"" Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real."
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
"But in a solitary life, there are rare moments when another soul dips near yours, as stars once a year brush the earth. Such a constellation was he to me."
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
"I'm not sentimental--I'm as romantic as you are. The idea, you know, is that the sentimental person thinks things will last--the romantic person has a desperate confidence that they won't."
"One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence."
"You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection."
I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.
"I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need."
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
"We're staying together,"" he promised. ""You're not getting away from me. Never again."
"If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale."
"Who, being loved, is poor?"
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.
I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.
"Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess."
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
"Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us."
There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
"The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive."
Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on. I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.
"Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing."
"From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone."
"You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways."
"I love mankind, he said, ""but I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular."
"The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books"
"Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward."
One word Frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...
"The more one judges, the less one loves."
"When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew."
"In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art."
"I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart."
"To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous."
What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
The soul is healed by being with children.
"Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds."
"Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive."
"I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with."
I'm not a religious person but I do sometimes think God made you for me.
"Even After All this time The Sun never says to the Earth, ""You owe me."" Look What happens With a love like that, It lights the whole sky."
"Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire."
"When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times."
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.
"If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them."
"When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again."
"Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself."
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height My soul can reach
"I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul."
"The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me?"
"The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that."
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
"Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country."
"So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love."
"Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it."
To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life.
"This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you."
sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love
"If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other."
"Yours is the light by which my spirit's born: - you are my sun, my moon, and all my stars."
My wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness.
"I won't ever leave you, even though you're always leaving me."
I know enough to know that no woman should ever marry a man who hated his mother.
"Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it's time for them to be hurt."
"If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes."
I almost wish we were butterflies and liv'd but three summer days - three such days with you I could fill with more delight than fifty common years could ever contain.
"Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing..."
There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
"If only she could be so oblivious again, to feel such love without knowing it, mistaking it for laughter."
"sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!"
Yet each man kills the thing he loves By each let this be heard Some do it with a bitter look Some with a flattering word The coward does it with a kiss The brave man with a sword
"In a perfect world, you could fuck people without giving them a piece of your heart. And every glittering kiss and every touch of flesh is another shard of heart you’ll never see again."
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze.
"About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all."
"For my part, I prefer my heart to be broken. It is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack."
Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes. Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation.
"For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary"
"Ok. You fuck me, then snub me. You love me, you hate me. You show me a sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole. Is this a pretty accurate description of our relationship."
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince
"If you were music, I would listen to you ceaselessly, and my low spirits would brighten up."
"I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: ""Go down again - I dwell among the people."
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.
"When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all."
"We are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us."
"Hearts are breakable,"" Isabelle said. ""And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before""."
"Good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow."
"Love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone."
"Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic."
Spending time with you showed me what I’ve been missing in my life.
There is always something left to love.
Each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves
"Moments, when lost, can't be found again. They're just gone."
The human heart is a strange vessel. Love and hatred can exist side by side.
"Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it."
It is possible to be in love with you just because of who you are.
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.
The music in his laughter had a way of rounding off the missing notes in her soul.
It's hard being left behind. (...) It's hard to be the one who stays.
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.
"That is — your friend?"" ""Philtatos,"" Achilles replied, sharply. Most beloved."
No woman wants to be in submission to a man who isn't in submission to God!
"By the time you swear you're his, Shivering and sighing. And he vows his passion is, Infinite, undying. Lady make note of this -- One of you is lying."
What greater gift than the love of a cat.
"He showed me his scars, and in return he let me pretend that I had none."
Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear.
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
"And to the devil with it if she is!"" said the Consul. ""One girl, who is not Nephilim, is not, cannot, be our priority."" ""She is my priority!"" Will shouted."
It's the kind of kiss that inspires stars to climb into the sky and light up the world.
There's a difference between really loving someone and loving the idea of her.
"And next time you're planning to injure yourself to get me attention, just remember that a little sweet talk works wonders."
"I wondered what happened when you offered yourself to someone, and they opened you, only to discover you were not the gift they expected and they had to smile and nod and say thank you all the same."
"Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart."
"She wanted something else, something different, something more. Passion and romance, perhaps, or maybe quiet conversations in candlelit rooms, or perhaps something as simple as not being second."
Love is the extremely difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
"I'll fight it. I'll fight it for you. Don't you worry about me, Hazel Grace. I'm okay. I'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time."
"I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent."
"Just because you're beautiful and perfect, it's made you conceited."
True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.
Love is not the absence of logic but logic examined and recalculated heated and curved to fit inside the contours of the heart
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything
"If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are."
"Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else."
"If you ever looked at me once with what I know is in you, I would be your slave."
"When it's gone, you'll know what a gift love was. You'll suffer like this. So go back and fight to keep it."
You’ll never be able to find yourself if you’re lost in someone else.
It's bullshit to think of friendship and romance as being different. They're not. They're just variations of the same love. Variations of the same desire to be close.
"It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being."
"I belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine."
"I wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us."
"If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you're allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind."
I think we ought to live happily ever after.
"Why are old lovers able to become friends? Two reasons. They never truly loved each other, or they love each other still."
"Love, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage."
"Love, it never dies. It never goes away, it never fades, so long as you hang on to it. Love can make you immortal"
"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves."
"Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches."
"If a thing loves, it is infinite."
"After all this time?"" ""Always..."
Lovers alone wear sunlight.
"It doesn't matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you."
Someday you'll find someone special again. People who've been in love once usually do. It's in their nature.
"True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked."
I think it is all a matter of love; the more you love a memory the stronger and stranger it becomes
"I, um, I have this problem. I broke up with my boyfriend, you see. And I'm pretty upset about it, so I wanted to talk to my best friend. [...] The thing is, they're both you."
The heart is the toughest part of the body. Tenderness is in the hands.
"With him, life was routine; without him, life was unbearable."
"And I wondered if love was too weak a word for what he felt, what he’d done for me. For what I felt for him."
"Because, if you could love someone, and keep loving them, without being loved back . . . then that love had to be real. It hurt too much to be anything else."
"I don’t know what they are called, the spaces between seconds– but I think of you always in those intervals."
"I've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be."
Oh no. Don't smile. You'll kill me. I stop breathing when you smile.
"I have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love I feel in me, and give back as good as I give."
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
The tattoo is just setting below his hp bone. H e l l i s e m p t y a n d a l l t h e d e v i l s a r e h e r e I kiss my way across the words. Kissing away the devils. Kissing away the pain.
"When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman."
"He is beauty, inside and out. He is the silver lining in a world of darkness. He is my light."
"Every true love and friendship is a story of unexpected transformation. If we are the same person before and after we loved, that means we haven't loved enough."
We must love one another or die
The scariest thing about distance is that you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget you.
"The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever."
"Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel."
"I know you're tired but come, this is the way."
"Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long. Good things come to those who wait."
"No matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close."
You're like a song that I heard when I was a little kid but forgot I knew until I heard it again.
"Happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” Wren said. “It’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for."
Love is a better master than duty.
"She is a friend of my mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order."
"[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar."
"The great tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love."
"When I watch you sleep,"" he said shakily, ""I feel overwhelmed that you exist."
Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time.
"Ye are Blood of my Blood, and Bone of my Bone, I give ye my Body, that we Two might be One. I give ye my Spirit, 'til our Life shall be Done."
"In real life, love has to be possible. Even if it is not returned right away, love can only survive when the hope exists that you will be able to win over the person you desire."
I have a million things to talk to you about. All I want in this world is you. I want to see you and talk. I want the two of us to begin everything from the beginning.
Anyone who loves in the expectation of being loved in return is wasting their time.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will
"When you love someone, you say their name different. Like it's safe inside your mouth."
"My mother... she is beautiful, softened at the edges and tempered with a spine of steel. I want to grow old and be like her."
"If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human."
The fate of your heart is your choice and no one else gets a vote
"If you love a flower that lives on a star, it is sweet to look at the sky at night. All the stars are a-bloom with flowers..."
"He stared at her, knowing with certainty that he was falling in love. He pulled her close and kissed her beneath a blanket of stars, wondering how on earth he'd been lucky enough to find her."
"Love is an abstract noun, something nebulous. And yet love turns out to be the only part of us that is solid, as the world turns upside down and the screen goes black."
We are all worthy of one another.
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive."
"It’s dark now and I am very tired. I love you, always. Time is nothing."
"There ain't no way you can hold onto something that wants to go, you understand? You can only love what you got while you got it."
I know my heart will never be the same But I'm telling myself I'll be okay
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
It's the imperfections that make things beautiful
Anyone can love a thing because. That's as easy as putting a penny in your pocket. But to love something despite. To know the flaws and love them too. That is rare and pure and perfect.
"To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead."
I envy people that know love. That have someone who takes them as they are.
Heartbreak is a loss. Divorce is a piece of paper.
"Snape's patronus was a doe,' said Harry, 'the same as my mother's because he loved her for nearly all of his life, from when they were children."
We always see our worst selves. Our most vulnerable selves. We need someone else to get close enough to tell us we’re wrong. Someone we trust.
"Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope."
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
"Love cannot be reduced to a catalogue of reasons why, and a catalogue of reasons cannot be put together into love."
"We could do it, you know."" ""What?"" ""Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it."
"If I were to live a thousand years, I would belong to you for all of them. If we were to live a thousand lives, I would want to make you mine in each one."
"If you can capture a woman's imagination, then you will have her. But imagination is a strange creature. It needs time and distance to function properly."
"Some people feel like they don't deserve love. They walk away quietly into empty spaces, trying to close the gaps of the past."
Love sucks. Sometimes it feels good. Sometimes it's just another way to bleed.
"Love, the poet said, is woman's whole existence."
"Wherever you will go, I will let you down, But this lullaby goes on."
"Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand."" - Anna Karenina {Anna Karenina}"
I'm not sure this is a world I belong in anymore. I'm not sure that I want to wake up.
How can I be reasonable? To me our love was everything and you were my whole life. It is not very pleasant to realize that to you it was only an episode.
"You have a... remarkable memory."" ""I remember everything about you. You're the one who wasn't paying attention."
"All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence forever."
You are my life now.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love.
The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.
The strongest love is the love that can demonstrate its fragility.
"It's funny how you can forget everything except people loving you. Maybe that's why humans find it so hard getting over love affairs. It's not the pain they're getting over, it's the love."
"What would you do if I kissed you right now?"" I stared at his beautiful face and his beautiful mouth and I wanted nothing more than to taste it. ""I would kiss you back."
Her heart was a secret garden and the walls were very high.
"Do not swear by the moon, for she changes constantly. then your love would also change."
"If you truly want to be respected by people you love, you must prove to them that you can survive without them."
Heaven would never be heaven without you.
"Love is a luxury."" ""No. Love is an element."" An element. Like air to breathe, earth to stand on."
"Love is a rebellious bird, that nobody can tame, and you call him quite in vain, if it suits him not to come."
One day spent with someone you love can change everything.
"Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue)."
Parents were the only ones obligated to love you; from the rest of the world you had to earn it.
"Ronan said, ""I'm always straight."" Adam replied ""Oh, man, that's the biggest lie you've ever told."
I'm saying I'm in love with you! I've been in love with you this whole bleeding year!
"If I love you, what business is it of yours?"
"She wasn't doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together."
"I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye."
"I love you,’ he whispered, and kissed my brow. ‘Thorns and all."
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
"You are the knife I turn inside myself; that is love. That, my dear, is love."
A thousand half-loves must be forsaken to take one whole heart home.
I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.
"Love is heavy and light, bright and dark, hot and cold, sick and healthy, asleep and awake- its everything except what it is! (Act 1, scene 1)"
He experienced the singular pleasure of watching people he loved fall in love with other people he loved.
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.
"When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love."
You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.
nothing in this world was more difficult than love.
"I know that the whole point—the only point—is to find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go."
I don't care what you say to me. I care what you share with me.
To love is to suffer and there can be no love otherwise.
"The voice of Love seemed to call to me, but it was a wrong number."
"If I could but know his heart, everything would become easy."
"How we need another soul to cling to, another body to keep us warm. To rest and trust; to give your soul in confidence: I need this, I need someone to pour myself into."
Love is scary: it changes; it can go away. That's the part of the risk. I don't want to be scared anymore.
"There are memories that time does not erase... Forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable."
"Love makes you want to be a better man—right, right. But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are."
"If I know what love is, it is because of you."
"Love is like a brick. You can build a house, or you can sink a dead body."
"some moments are nice, some are nicer, some are even worth writing about."
"You were the sun, and I was crashing into you."
"Adam smiled cheerily. Ronan would start wars and burn cities for that true smile, elastic and amiable."
He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that you're his princess.
"I don't care if you danced naked on the roof of the Little Palace with him. I love you, Alina, even the part of you that loved him."
"I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that."
"In this world, it is too common for people to search for someone to lose themselves in. But I am already lost. I will look for someone to find myself in."
Woman is sacred; the woman one loves is holy.
There is love in holding and there is love in letting go.
The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.
"In this part of the story I am the one who dies, the only one, and I will die of love because I love you, because I love you, Love, in fire and in blood."
"I wish you could be kissed, Jane,' he said. 'Because I would beg just one off you. Under all this.' He flailed an arm toward the stars."
"For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul."
"I belong to the people I love, and they belong to me--they, and the love and loyaty I give them, form my identity far more than any word or group ever could."
How could I have ever been ashamed of loving Dante Quintana?
Don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later; he may be with his real girlfriend.
"There is no intensity of love or feeling that does not involve the risk of crippling hurt. It is a duty to take this risk, to love and feel without defense or reserve."
They do not love that do not show their love.
Actually that’s my secret — I can’t even talk about you to anybody because I don’t want any more people to know how wonderful you are.
Falling for him would be like cliff diving. It would be either the most exhilarating thing that ever happened to me or the stupidest mistake I’d ever make.
"A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement"
I love you more than I think I should.
When you love someone you let them take care of you.
"…There is the heat of Love, the pulsing rush of Longing, the lover’s whisper, irresistible—magic to make the sanest man go mad."
"This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet."
"There could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so similar, no feelings so in unison"
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
"After all these years, I see that I was mistaken about Eve in the beginning; it is better to live outside the Garden with her than inside it without her."
I do my best thinking at night when everyone else is sleeping. No interruptions. No noise. I like the feeling of being awake when no one else is.
"I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves."
"One day, when I am a braver man, I will tell her these things, and then I will look her in the eye tell her I love her and ask her to be only mine. But until that day, we're just friends."
"True love is the best thing in the world, except for cough drops."
Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.
The future for me is already a thing of the past - You were my first love and you will be my last
You’re just another story I can’t tell anymore.
"When is a monster not a monster? Oh, when you love it."
"Forever and ever, kid, until you're sick and tired of seeing me."
"I'm gonna fight for you, until your heart stops beating."
How far should a person go in the name of true love?
"Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest."
"No human relation gives one possession in another—every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship or in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone."
i am a museum full of art but you had your eyes shut
"Though lovers be lost, love shall not; And death shall have no dominion."
Dare to love yourself as if you were a rainbow with gold at both ends.
"Don't ever think I fell for you, or fell over you. I didn't fall in love, I rose in it."
"Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened."
"If you don't receive love from the ones who are meant to love you, you will never stop looking for it."
I don't want to hurt you or anybody so please forget about me. Just try. Find yourself a better friend.
Moving on is easy. It's staying moved on that's trickier.
"What you are is a fucking tragedy, Simon Snow. You literally couldn't be a bigger mess."" He tries to kiss me, but I pull back- ""And you like that?"" ""I love it."" He says ""Why?"" ""Because we match."
"Then love knew it was called love. And when I lifted my eyes to your name, suddenly your heart showed me my way"
"Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life."
"You are my heart, my life, my entire existence."" -Ash"
"Last time I saw you, I said that it hurt too much to love you. But I was wrong about that. The truth is it hurts too much not to love you."
"They had an ordinary life, full of ordinary things—if love can ever be called that."
"Ah, what happiness it is to be with people who are all happy, to press hands, press cheeks, smile into eyes."
"I have seen the best of you, and the worst of you, and I choose both."
Sometimes it takes a heartbreak to shake us awake & help us see we are worth so much more than we're settling for.
"Did I really want to stay on this road longer, knowing it was only going to end in devastation?"
"Kissing - and I mean like, yummy, smacking kissing - is the most delicious, most beautiful and passionate thing that two people can do, bar none. Better than sex, hands down."
"She's mad, but she's magic. There's no lie in her fire."
"Let me die the moment my love dies. Let me not outlive my own capacity to love. Let me die still loving, and so, never die."
I want love to conquer all. But love can't conquer anything. It can't do anything on it's own. It relies on us to do the conquering on its behalf.
"When you forgive, you love. And when you love, God’s light shines upon you."
"Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls."
"I threw myself into that fire, threw myself into it, into him, and let myself burn."
"She wasnt exactly sure when it happened. Or even when it started. All she knew for sure was that right here and now, she was falling hard and she could only pray that he was feeling the same way."
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the Heart's affections and the truth of the Imagination.
"You know that place between sleep and awake, that place where you still remember dreaming? That’s where I’ll always love you. That’s where I’ll be waiting."
Each time you happen to me all over again.
"When people fall in love, they burst into flames."
"Ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love."
"But if I hadn't fallen, I wouldn't have met you."
"to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed."
I want to try making things right because picking up the pieces is way better than leaving them the way they are.
"Love Jo all your days, if you choose, but don't let it spoil you, for it's wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can't have the one you want."
"I love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything."
"I'm a little pencil in the hand of a writing God, who is sending a love letter to the world."
"You who suffer because you love, love still more. To die of love, is to live by it."
"To fall in love with God is the greatest romance; to seek him the greatest adventure; to find him, the greatest human achievement."
To love is to recognize yourself in another.
"The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until we meet again"
"I will never leave him. It will be this, always, for as long as he will let me."
"I don't love you anymore"", she whispered. ""I don't love you at all."" His throat closed. ""It's all right, sweetheart. I love you enough for both of us."
"I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?"
The only love that I really believe in is a mother’s love for her children.
"If you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. But it's still worth it."
"When you find love, you take it. You grab it with both hands and you do everything in your power not to let it go. You can’t just walk away from it and expect it to linger until you’re ready for it."
I didn't want to kiss you goodbye — that was the trouble — I wanted to kiss you good night — and there's a lot of difference.
"There was beauty in the idea of freedom, but it was an illusion. Every human heart was chained by love."
First best is falling in love. Second best is being in love. Least best is falling out of love. But any of it is better than never having been in love.
People should fall in love with their eyes closed.
"Love is the voice under all silences, the hope which has no opposite in fear; the strength so strong mere force is feebleness: the truth more first than sun, more last than star..."
"And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire."
"Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone."
"I miss him in so many ways, but right now I miss him in the way you always miss someone when you're single among a room full of couples."
"Christian, you are the state lottery, the cure for cancer, and the three wishes from Aladdin's lamp all rolled into one"
"Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you."
"I am no longer in love with her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long."
"Where there is great love, there are always miracles."
"Weeping is not the same thing as crying. It takes your whole body to weep, and when it's over, you feel like you don't have any bones left to hold you up."
"I've never minded it,"" he went on. ""Being lost, that is. I had always thought one could not truly be lost if one knew one's own heart. But I fear I may be lost without knowing yours."
This I want to believe implicitly: Man was born for love and revolution.
"I drive around the streets an inch away from weeping, ashamed of my sentimentality and possible love."
"These pictures are my heart. And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you."
"There is nothing that is going to make people hate you more, and love you more, than telling the truth."
Be the one who nurtures and builds. Be the one who has an understanding and a forgiving heart one who looks for the best in people. Leave people better than you found them.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return.
"But you're the only one, Scarlet. You'll always be the only one."
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her.
One of the things that makes me who I am is the loyalty I have to people I hold close to my heart.
Then I discovered that being related is no guarantee of love!
"Of all our games, love's play is the only one which threatens to unsettle the soul..."
The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
Every woman wants a man who'll fall in love with her soul as well as her body.
"Love is the strangest, most illogical thing in the world."
"I guess what I'm trying to say is that you are there, in everything I am, in everything I've ever done, and looking back, I know that I should have told you know much you've always meant to me."
"My heart only ever had one thought, one want. One need. Despite all, in spite of all...All my heart has ever wanted is you."
Love is a striking example of how little reality means to us.
you're an expert at sorry and keeping the lines blurry
"Until this moment, I had not realized that someone could break your heart twice, along the very same fault lines."
"As lovers, the difference between men and women is that women can love all day long, but men only at times."
"The saddest thing about love, Joe, is that not only the love cannot last forever, but even the heartbreak is soon forgotten."
He was contemplation and enthusiasm. Ambition and strong coffee. I could have looked at him forever.
Sometimes we love with nothing more than hope. Sometimes we cry with everything except tears.
Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns it calls me on and on across the universe.
What about when someone doesn't need a shoulder? What if they need the arms?
But grief makes a monster out of us sometimes . . . and sometimes you say and do things to the people you love that you can't forgive yourself for.
Choose your love. Love your choice.
"And yet,to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays."
"Oh, love isn't there to make us happy. I believe it exists to show us how much we can endure."
I feel like a part of my soul has loved you since the beginning of everything. Maybe we’re from the same star.
"If you didn't love him, this never would have happened. But you did. And accepting that love and everything that followed it is part of letting it go."
"When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, ""What was it that you wanted and why didn't you fight for it?"
"What were you before you met me?"" ""I think I was drowning"" ""And what are you now?"" ""Water"
"If you love me, Henry, you don’t love me in a way I understand."
"True beauty is something that attacks, overpowers, robs, and finally destroys."
When you love you wish to do things for. You wish to sacrifice for. You wish to serve.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
"The more you love someone, he came to think, the harder it is to tell them. It surprised him that strangers didn't stop each other on the street to say I love you."
"If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans."
"Then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it."
Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams.
"Damn you, spoilt creature; I shan’t make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this."
Would you destroy Something perfect in order to make it beautiful?
You can’t leave yet. I’m not finished falling in love with you.
You don’t take away my choices. You are my choice.
"Passion is...it's fire. And fire is great, man. But we're made of water. Water is how we keep living. Water is what we need to survive."
"You're gorgeous, you old hag, and if I could give you just one gift ever for the rest of your life it would be this. Confidence. It would be the gift of confidence. Either that or a scented candle"
"Knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. When we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as a means of escape."
"That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful."
"You are"", he says, ""the absolute worst idea I've ever had."
"Late Fragment And did you get what you wanted from this life, even so? I did. And what did you want? To call myself beloved, to feel myself beloved on the earth."
Even on my weakest days I get a little bit stronger
"Annabeth pressed her lips to Percy’s ear. “I love you.” She wasn’t sure he could hear her—but if they died, she wanted those to be her last words."
"With you, intimacy colours my voice. even ‘hello’ sounds like ‘come here'."
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
So don't you worry your pretty little mind because people throw rocks at things that shine. [Ours]
"You were you, and I was I; we were two before our time. I was yours before I knew, and you have always been mine too."
"And I can fight only for something that I love, love only what I respect, and respect only what I at least know."
Spoiler alert: Love is worth everything. Everything.
"He loved her, of course, but better than that, he chose her, day after day. Choice: that was the thing."
"When you love someone, its never over. You move on, because you have to but you take them with you in your heart"
"Love is being honest with yourself at all times being honest with the other person at all times telling, listening, respecting the truth and never pretending Love is the source of reality"
"Autumn is the hardest season. The leaves are all falling, and they're falling like they're falling in love with the ground."
"He did not care if she was heartless, vicious and vulgar, stupid and grasping, he loved her. He would rather have misery with one than happiness with the other."
This is what happened in love. One of you cried a lot and then both of you grew sarcastic.
If you love something so much let it go. If it comes back it was meant to be; if it doesn't it never was
"Anne laughed. ""I don't want sunbursts or marble halls, I just want you."
One should always be in love. That's the reason one should never marry.
"I love you,"" I said, and stabbed him."
You can live your whole life not realizing that what you're looking for is right in front of you.
"Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats."
"When you love someone, you don't have a choice. Love takes your choices away. - Clary Fray"
"Even when I'm dead, I'll swim through the Earth, like a mermaid of the soil, just to be next to your bones."
"Living with him is like being told a perpetual story: his mind is the biggest, most imaginative I have ever met. I could live in its growing countries forever."
"At the end of the day it's about how much you can bear, how much you can endure. Being together, we harm nobody; being apart, we extinguish ourselves."
"Love wins, love always wins."
"Of course he loves me. I’m his sister.” “Blood isn’t love,” said Magnus, and his voice was bitter."
Did you think you could stop me? I'll burn the world down to save her.
"It's one thing to fall in love. It's another to feel someone else fall in love with you, and to feel a responsibility toward that love."
"The heart of man is very much like the sea, it has its storms, it has its tides and in its depths it has its pearls too"
Where is Aelin. Where is my wife?
"He was my North, my South, my East and West, My working week and my Sunday rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last forever: I was wrong."
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
"How do you know when it's over?"" ""Maybe when you feel more in love with your memories than with the person standing in front of you."
"She smiled, and her eyes started to drift downward. ""Cather..."" Back up to his eyes. ""You know that I'm falling in love with you, right?"
Yours (now I'm even losing my name - it was getting shorter and shorter all the time and is now: Yours)
"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good."
"So I placed my heart under lock and key To take some time, and take care of me But I turn around and you're standing here"
You looove me. (holds out arms) You love me this much.
"That's the power of literature, you know, it can act like little love letters between two people who can only explain their feelings by pointing at other people's."
"The whole world is divided for me into two parts: one is she, and there is all happiness, hope, light; the other is where she is not, and there is dejection and darkness..."
Would he find her? Without question. Would he save her? Always.
"If you love me as you say you do,' she whispered, 'make it so that I am at peace."
You had to know a person well to make them laugh like that.
Wait. You think I'm going to die? That's why you slept with me?
"Your memory feels like home to me. So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you."
"Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection."
"People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing."
"and when all the wars are over, a butterfly will still be beautiful."
Your naked body should only belong to those who fall in love with your naked soul.
I want you to be weak. As weak as I am.
"Lift your hips for me, love."
"I love you, a thousand times over. And I will never apologize for it."
"Neither love nor evil conquers all, but evil cheats more."
"The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name; it's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever change."
i carry your heart with me(i carry it in my heart)
"Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you."
"And in the end, we were all just humans, drunk on the idea that love, only love, could heal our brokenness."
"I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for,"" Ian whispers. ""I think we just do."
"Every time I think I'm missing a piece of me, you give it back."
"Nearly everything I know about love, I've learnt from my long-term friendships with women."
You cannot be with someone just because you don’t want to hurt him. You have your own happiness to think about.
"Love must not entreat,' she added, 'or demand. Love must have the strength to become certain within itself. Then it ceases merely to be attracted and begins to attract."
"Looking at him now-even if she hadn't been in love with him, that part of her that was her mother's daugher, that loved every beautiful thing for its beauty alone, would still have wanted him."
"If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world."
Confession is not betrayal. What you say or do doesn't matter; only feelings matter. If they could make me stop loving you-that would be the real betrayal.
"Stronger than lover's love is lover's hate. Incurable, in each, the wounds they make."
"I have so much in me, and the feeling for her absorbs it all; I have so much, and without her it all comes to nothing."
"Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone I loved."
"So I’m your huntress and thief?” His hands slid down to cup the backs of my knees as he said with a roguish grin, “You are my salvation, Feyre."
We ate well and cheaply and drank well and cheaply and slept well and warm together and loved each other.
"I am the most miserable person who ever lived,"" he said... ""You are young, and in love,"" said Primus. ""Every young man in your position is the most miserable young man who ever lived."
"This is part of what a family is about, not just love. It's knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame. Not work."
"If we’re going to kiss, it has to be book-worthy."
"Love is illogical, love had consequences--I did this to myself, and I should be able to take it."
"Statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. Be very suspicious."
"I love the ground under his feet, and the air over his head, and everything he touches and every word he says. I love all his looks, and all his actions and him entirely and all together."
"Why is there ever this perverse cruelty in humankind, that makes us hurt most those we love best?"
"There are so many things that demand to be said. Where did you go? Do you ever think about me? You've ruined me. Are you okay? But of course, I can't say any of that."
And yet another moral occurs to me now: Make love when you can. It's good for you.
"The moment our lips met, I knew with pure and piercing certainty that I would have waited for him forever."
"I love you"" I say. ""I love you, too"" he says. ""I'll see you soon."
I love you more than I hate everything else.
Just because I'm not forever by your side doesn't mean that's not precisely where I want to be.
Love takes off the masks we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
"Love is not a maybe thing, you know when you love someone."
Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.
"Can officially confirm that the way to a man's heart these days is not through beauty, food, sex, or alluringness of character, but merely the ability to seem not very interested in him."
"The first time he'd held her hand, it felt so good that it crowded out all the bad things. It felt better than anything had ever hurt."
"Love doesn't mean anything if you're not willing to make a commitment, and you have to think not only about what you want, but about what he wants. Not just now, but in the future."
"What I cannot love, I overlook."
"Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows."
"misgivings, n. Last night, I got up the courage to ask you if you regretted us. ""There are things I miss,"" you said. ""But if I didn't have you, I'd miss more."
"In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man; either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation."
"I don't want to live, I want to love first and live incidentally."
"Any happiness, no matter how brief, seemed better than the long, simmering torture of waking up day after day, knowing I could never have him."
"And you can't love, not fully, unless you are loved in return."
"I don’t think you ever really fall out of love with someone. I think when you fall in love, like true love, it’s love for life. All the rest is just experience and delusions."
Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.
Often it is the most deserving people who cannot help loving those who destroy them.
"Six hundred and forty fish later, the only thing I know is everything you love will die. The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground."
Failed relationships can be described as so much wasted make-up.
"Love, like fire, goes out without fuel."
"If somebody says 'I love you' to me, I feel as though I had a pistol pointed at my head. What can anybody reply under such conditions but that which the pistol holder requires? 'I love you, too'."
"To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return. To just give. That takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt."
I don't like it when I outweigh my men.
Like some wines our love could neither mature nor travel.
Only time can heal your broken heart. Just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.
"The heart can think of no devotion Greater than being shore to the ocean- Holding the curve of one position, Counting an endless repetition."
"It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible."
"For women, the best aphrodisiacs are words. The G-spot is in the ears. He who looks for it below there is wasting his time."
"Love is the Answer, God is the Cure!"
"The fact is…I’m in love with you, and I have been for some time."
"I fell in love with teasing you in the second grade, when I first discovered that I could turn you cheeks pink with just a word. Then I fell in love with you."
"I'll find you. There is no place in this world you can hide from me. I'm watching. Love, Dimitri"
"His breath hitched, and he regarded me hungrily. “You’re playing with fire, you know that?” “That’s weird, considering you’re an ice prin—” I didn’t get any further, as Ash leaned in and kissed me."
"Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over."
"A busy, vibrant, goal-oriented woman is so much more attractive than a woman who waits around for a man to validate her existence."
Never trust people who don't have something in their lives that they love beyond all reason.
"A true gentleman is one that apologizes anyways, even though he has not offended a lady intentionally. He is in a class all of his own because he knows the value of a woman's heart."
"I'm the kind of boy that can fall in love with any girl because I love with the heart, not the eyes."
I do love nothing in the world so well as you- is not that strange?
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.
"That's how you know you love someone, I guess, when you can't experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too."
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.
"They've got no idea what happiness is, they don't know that without this love there is no happiness or unhappiness for us--there is no life."
"A mighty pain to love it is, And 't is a pain that pain to miss; But of all pains, the greatest pain It is to love, but love in vain."
"I was dead, then alive. Weeping, then laughing. The power of love came into me, and I became fierce like a lion, then tender like the evening star."
"Sometimes I feel like we're a knot, too tangled to be taken apart."
"When you feel someone else's pain and joy as powerfully as if it were your own, then you know you really loved them."
It is a defect of God's humor that he directs our hearts everywhere but to those who have a right to them.
Love is the strongest force the world possesses and yet it is the humblest imaginable.
Only the united beat of sex and heart together can create ecstasy.
"If a man hasn't what's necessary to make a woman love him, it's his fault, not hers."
The opposite of love is not hate. Hate is just love gone bad. The actual opposite of love is apathy. When you don't care a damn as to what happens to the other person.
"You asked why I couldn't forgive you,"" Nick said, very quietly, and I jumped a little. ""It was because you were the love of my life, Harper. And you didn't want to be. That's hard to let go."
"She's my kitten, and no one else's."
"See how she leans her cheek upon her hand. O, that I were a glove upon that hand That I might touch that cheek!"
"You can obsess and obsess over how things ended—what you did wrong or could have done differently—but there's not much of a point. It's not like it'll change anything. So really, why worry?"
How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
"Before, I wanted to say: ""I found love!"" But now, I want to say: ""I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him."
"We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, gets broken."
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love."
"Hope for love, pray for love, wish for love, dream for love…but don’t put your life on hold waiting for love."
"Love, when spelled backwards and read phonetically, reads evil"
That's when you know for sure somebody loves you. They figure out what you need and they give it to you -- without you asking.
"...""better to have loved and lost"" bullshit. Don't show me paradise and then burn it down."
Someone once wrote that a novel should deliver a series of small astonishments. I get the same thing spending an hour with you.
"Make me into anything, but just love me."
The only way love can last a lifetime is if it's unconditional. The truth is this: love is not determined by the one being loved but rather by the one choosing to love.
One more secret smile. One more shared laugh. One more electric kiss. Finding him was like finding someone I didn't know I was searching for.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
"No,"" he says quietly. ""In every universe, it's you for me. Even if it's not me for you."
"I'm not married,” he said softly, “because I can't stomach the idea of marrying a woman inferior to me in mind and spirit. It would mean the death of my soul."
I would love to say that you make me weak in the knees but to be quite upfront and completely truthful you make my body forget it has knees at all.
"Love consists of not looking each other in the eye, but of looking outwardly in the same direction."
"Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it inflames the great."
"Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind."
"Freely we serve Because we freely love, as in our will To love or not; in this we stand or fall."
The only queer people are those who don't love anybody.
For she had eyes and chose me.
he placed his hands on my mind before reaching for my waist my hips or my lips he didn't call me beautiful first he called me exquisite - how he touches me
It is better to lose your pride with someone you love rather than to lose that someone you love with your useless pride.
Cut the ending. Revise the script. The man of her dreams is a girl.
One of the best times for figuring out who you are & what you really want out of life? Right after a break-up.
Don't go looking for boys in the dark They will say pretty things then leave you with scars. Do go looking for boys in the park For that is where the true gentlemen are.
"After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person."
"Men are driven by two principal impulses, either by love or by fear."
"I have loved you all my life, Mal,” I whispered through my tears. “There is no end to our story."
"If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with."
You don’t need scores of suitors. You need only one… if he’s the right one.
We're all golden sunflowers inside.
"The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came."
A woman should soften but not weaken a man.
"I saw the world from the stars' point of view, and it looked unbearably lonely."
"If you love someone, you must be prepared to set them free."
It was the nicest thing she could imagine. It made her want to have his babies and give him both of her kidneys.
"The problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast."
"You don’t love because: you love despite; not for the virtues, but despite the faults."
You honestly expect me to breathe in a world without air?
"Those we love never truly leave us, Harry. There are things that death cannot touch."
Everybody is a main character to someone...
"You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love."
"Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear."
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
"Heart, we will forget him, You and I, tonight! You must forget the warmth he gave, I will forget the light."
Love is too precious to be ashamed of.
"Kiss a lover, Dance a measure, Find your name And buried treasure. Face your life, It's pain, It's pleasure, Leave no path untaken."
"Everyone always wants to know how you can tell when it's true love, and the answer is this: when the pain doesn't fade and the scars don't heal, and it's too damned late."
"And if you couldn't be loved, the next best thing was to be let alone."
"Sweets to the sweet, farewell! I hoped thou shouldst have been my Hamlet’s wife; I thought thy bride-bed to have decked, sweet maid, And not have strewed thy grave."
"I reserve the right to love many different people at once, and to change my prince often."
"You were the missing piece of my soul, the breath in my lungs, and the blood in my veins."
How can something so wrong feel so right?
"Falling in love you remain a child; rising in love you mature. By and by love becomes not a relationship, it becomes a state of your being. Not that you are in love - now you are love."
"She had loved him for such a long time, she thought. How was it that she did now know him at all?"
"I love you, Ella. I will love you for the rest of my life. My heart is yours. Please don't ever give it back to me. - Warner"
"Why, darling, I don't live at all when I'm not with you."
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!"
A weed is but an unloved flower.
"Don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of. I want to get hurt. At least I´ll feel something for a change."
"I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and knows that love is as strong as death, and be on my side forever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me."
I knew I loved you before I met you I think I dreamed you into life I knew I loved you before I met you I have been waiting all my life
You have a beautiful laugh. Like the promise of tomorrow.
His lips soften into a smile that cracks apart my spine. He repeats my name like the word amuses him. Entertains him. Delights him. In seventeen years no one has said my name like that
You know someone's right for you when the things they don't have to say are even more important than the things they do.
"Wisdom is knowing I am nothing, Love is knowing I am everything, and between the two my life moves."
"Had I been in love, I could not have been more wretchedly blind. But vanity, not love, has been my folly."
I have always found that actively loving saves one from a morbid preoccupation with the shortcomings of society.
We are made of all those who have built and broken us.
The half-life of love is forever.
"Love's gift cannot be given, it waits to be accepted."
He loved her for almost everything she was & she decided that was enough to let him stay for a very long time.
Things that matter are not easy. Feelings of happiness are easy. Happiness is not. Flirting is easy. Love is not. Saying you’re friends is easy. Being friends is not.
"If you love someone but rarely make yourself available to him or her, that is not true love."
"He looked so lost, so soulful, so lonely. I wanted him to kiss me now. I wanted to let him know I was his for all eternity."
"Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth. [Verse 223]"
"I could never pretend something I didn't feel. I could never make love if I didn't love, and if I loved I could no more hide the fact than change the color of my eyes."
"I'm guilty of giving people more chances than they deserve but when I'm done, I'm done."
"But what can be done, the one who loves must share the fate of the one he loves."
Two things you will never have to chase: True friends & true love.
No matter where it is in the sky... No matter where you are in the world... the moon is never bigger than your thumb. -John
"This time when we kiss, I feel it in the pit of my stomach, I feel it in my heart. And I realize love isn't about sex. It's about connection."
May I kiss you then? On this miserable paper? I might as well open the window and kiss the night air.
"If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself ~ all that runs over will be yours."
"Relationships are all about trust and equality. If one person shares, then the other person should share, too."
"I wore your promise on my finger for one year I'll wear your name on my heart til I die Because you were my boy, you were my only boy forever."
"What do I care how 'e looks? I am good-looking enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show is zat my husband is brave!"
"Love is not a habit, a commitment, or a debt. It isn't what romantic songs tell us it is - love simply is."
"She had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. And not a magical power, either--a purely human one."
Would you mind repeating that? I'm afraid I might have lost my wits altogether and just hallucinated what I've longed to hear.
"I thought you were gone forever, I thought you’d walked away from everything, because I failed, because I destroyed the only thing that ever mattered to me. I waited for you to come, but you didn’t."
Every life has one true love snapshot.
My girlfriend is sad and quiet and keeps me up all night worrying about her.
The Heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care
"Depression isn't a war you win. It's a battle you fight every day. You never stop, never get to rest. It's one bloody fray after another."
"When God knows you're ready for the responsibility of commitment, He'll reveal the right person under the right circumstances."
"I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair. Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets. Bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day I hunt for the liquid measure of your steps."
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?
It's hard to love a woman and do anything.
"We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly."
"I realized how truly hard it was, really, to see someone you love change right before your eyes. Not only is it scary, it throws your balance off as well."
I love my parents' murderer; I suppose I could love anyone.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to a friend.
I don't understand the point of being together if you're not the happiest.
"Nelly, I am Heathcliff - he's always, always in my mind - not as a pleasure, any more then I am always a pleasure to myself - but, as my own being."
Tears are words the heart can't express
I think you're still the only person sharp enough to sharpen someone like me.
I would never let anyone else borrow my heart if I know there’s a chance in hell you might want it back.
"Where you go, I shall go; where you die, I shall die, and there will I be buried."
"True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them."
"When you miss someone....it’s weird…your body doesn’t function normally..as it should. Because I miss you, and my heart…it’s not steady…my soul it sings numb. Fingers are cold…like you…your soul."
"Love, like everything else in life, should be a discovery, an adventure, and like most adventures, you don’t know you’re having one until you’re right in the middle of it."
God knows far more about living a life of joy and blessings than we do.
"Loving someone is giving them the power to break your heart, but trusting them not to."
"A heart, once stolen, can never be taken back."
"He drew a circle that shut me out- Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout. But love and I had the wit to win: We drew a circle and took him In!"
"You're like a grey sky. You're beautiful, even though you don't want to be."
"Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely."
"Love cannot be forced, love cannot be coaxed and teased. It comes out of heaven, unasked and unsought."
"Have you no more memories?"" I am made of memories. ""Speak, then."
You were my little bit of magic.
"Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year."
"I hug him tightly. “I can’t imagine my life without you, Christian. I love you so much it frightens me.” “Me, too,” he breathes. “My life would be empty without you. I love you so much."
"The first stab of love is like a sunset, a blaze of color -- oranges, pearly pinks, vibrant purples..."
"abyss, n. There are times when I doubt everything. When I regret everything you've taken from me, everything I've given you, and the waste of all the time I've spent on us."
"Before I fell in love with words, with setting skies and singing birds— it was you I fell in love with first."
I'm not crying because of you; you're not worth it. I'm crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are.
I think you can only be truly mad at someone you really love.
"I mean, it's not surprising, really. Once you love something, you always love it in some way. You have to. It's, like, part of you for good."
"Do you really think anyone in this world, compares to you in my eyes?"
"I remember Peyton [Manning] called me as soon as I got out to Denver. He started the conversation by asking me, ‘When did you get in?’ We mainly just talked to get familiar with each other."
"So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend."
"In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine."
"That night when you kissed me, I left a poem in your mouth, and you can hear some of the lines every time you breathe out."
"They are orphans again, with no true home but each other and whatever life they can make together on the other side of the sea."
"If equal affection cannot be, Let the more loving one be me."
Love God and He will enable you to love others even when they disappoint you.
The more boys I meet the more I love my dog.
"Five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is."
Love is—a shade of what I feel.
Sometimes your heart is the only thing worth listening to.
What's a fuck when what I want is love?
It ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love.
"Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget."
"I wish I had a boyfriend. I wish he lived in the wardrobe on a coat hanger. Whenever I wanted, I could get him out and he'd look at me the way boys do in films, as if I'm beautiful."
"There's no need to wait for the bad things and bullshit to be over. Change now. Love now. Live now. Don't wait for people to give you permission to live, because they won't."
"Why do you have such faith in me, Aurelia?""  ""I've told you a million times that I love you, you make me feel safe and cherished, and you care deeply for our people. Why wouldn't I have faith in you?"
"I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things."
"Most men claim to desire driven, independent and confident women. Yet when confronted with such a creature reverence often evolves into resent. For just like women, men need to be needed."
Love makes us such fools.
He was the toast to her butter.
"Truth without love is brutality, and love without truth is hypocrisy."
"I come here with no expectations, only to profess, now that I am at liberty to do so, that my heart is and always will be...yours."
"I don't remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don't even know exist until you love a child."
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
"There’s something about arriving in new cities, wandering empty streets with no destination. I will never lose the love for the arriving, but I'm born to leave."
Those whom we most love are often the most alien to us.
"I never want to be away from you again, except at work, in the restroom or when one of us is at a movie the other does not want to see."
Sometimes I sit alone under the stars and think of the galaxies inside my heart and truly wonder if anyone will ever want to make sense of all that I am
"It hurts to breathe. It hurts to live. I hate her, yet I do not think I can exist without her."
I love you so much that nothing can matter to me - not even you...Only my love- not your answer. Not even your indifference
Wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left.
"If love is blind, then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it."
I think the idea of me is better than the reality of me.
Love simply is.
"It was brave,"" countered Issa. ""It was rare. It was love, and it was beautiful."
This thing about you that you think is your flaw - it's the reason I'm falling in love with you.
And the story of love is a long sad tale ending in graves.
"Stories make us more alive, more human, more courageous, more loving."
"Sometimes two people have to fall apart, to realize how much they need to fall back together."
"We are bound together, Emma, bound together—I breathe when you breathe, I bleed when you bleed, I’m yours and you’re mine, you’ve always been mine, and I have always, always belonged to you!"
"Deliverance is not scary—it is the most beautiful, loving act of Jesus. It is the moment someone finally walks into the freedom that was always meant for them."
He folded his fear into a perfect rose. He held it out in the palm of his hand. She took it from him and put it in her hair.
Love is not blind; that is the last thing that it is. Love is bound; and the more it is bound the less it is blind.
"I love you because no two snowflakes are alike, and it is possible, if you stand tippy-toe, to walk between the raindrops."
You might be looking for reasons but there are no reasons.
"If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die."
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
There is no one I would rather see the sunrise with than you.
"If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I."
Know that love is truly timeless.
"Say it,” I gritted out. “The High Lord of the Night Court is your mate."
"When I think of what life is, and how seldom love is answered by love; it is one of the moments for which the world was made."
"If you cannot love me, I will die. Before you came I wanted to die, I have told you many times. It is cruel to have made me want to live only to make my death more bloody."
"Look at me, chica."" When she does, I repeat, ""Eres hermosa."" ""What does it mean?"" ""You're beautiful."
Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.
Love is honesty. Love is a mutual respect for one another.
"I wanted to be his life preserver, the thing that would keep him afloat. Instead, he became my anchor. And I’m tired of drowning."
If I never see you again I will always carry you inside outside on my fingertips and at brain edges and in centers centers of what I am of what remains.
"You get use to someone—start to like them, even—and they leave. In the end, everyone leaves."
"I crossed a thousand leagues to come to you, and lost the best part of me along the way. Don't tell me to leave."
"Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?"
"Go then if you must, but remember, no matter how foolish your deeds, those who love you will love you still."
"Love who you love while you have them. That's all you can do. Let them go when you must. If you know how to love, you'll never run out."
It’s hard to communicate anything exactly and that’s why perfect relationships between people are difficult to find.
For which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me?
She conquered her demons and wore her scars like wings.
"I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am."
"But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the same you I’ll be in love with tomorrow."
Can't you just like a girl who likes you back?' 'None of them likes me back. I may as well like the one I really want.
"Were you always such a stubborn, blind, obtuse girl?” “Are you calling me stupid?” “Yes, but in a more poetic way!” “Well, here’s a poem for you. Get lost!"
I need the thing that happens when your brain shuts off and your heart turns on.
"It's like I'm thirteen again and he's my crush. All I'm aware of in this entire roomful of people is him. Where he is, what he's doing, who he's talking to."
"To have and to hold, where even death cannot part us,’ Juliette whispered. ‘In this life and the next,’ Roma returned, ‘for however long our souls remain, mine will always find yours."
Love is so unpredictable. That's what makes it so great.
"Jace looked as if she had slapped him. ""Why are you determined not to believe us?"" ""Because she loves you,"" said Valentine. Clary felt the blood drain out of her face."
Your name is a golden bell hung in my heart. I would break my body to pieces to call you once by your name.
"Love is a combination of care, commitment, knowledge, responsibility, respect and trust."
[A]nd both of them remained floating in an empty universe where the only everyday and eternal reality was love.
"Because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn’t that the simple magic phrase?"
When I like people immensely I never tell their names to anyone. It is like surrendering a part of them. I have grown to love secrecy.
"I want you to love me. I want you to trust me enough to let me love you, and I want you to stay here with me so we can build a life together. That's what I want"
"Let me love you, but don't love me back. Do love me and let me hate you for a while. Let me feel like I have some control, because I know I never do."
"We are not people who touch each other carelessly; every point of contact between us feels important, a rush of energy and relief."
"Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come."
This isn't a romance. You're not a damsel in distress and I'm not the handsome prince come to save you.
I...will never...regret you.
"She did not believe he could have really gone, because for her, to leave the person you loved was impossible."
A friend of mine once defined love as finding someone you can talk to late into the night
"When you like someone, you like them in spite of their faults. When you love someone, you love them with their faults."
It’s strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what’s real and what’s imaginary.
"There are so many men, all endlessly attempting to sweep me off my feet. And there is one of you, trying just the opposite. Making sure my feet are firm beneath me, lest I fall."
People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!
I'm backing down now. I really do love you. That's why I'm doing this.
Hearts Live By Being Wounded
twice I have lived forever in a smile
"If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard. And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart."
How could I be sleeping with this particular man.... Surely only true love could justify my lack of taste.
A kiss on the beach when there is a full moon is the closest thing to heaven.
That’s love: Two lonely persons keep each other safe and touch each other and talk to each other.
"A girl can still admire, can’t she? Even those who can’t afford to go in the store can still window-shop. Right? Knowing he wasn’t for me didn’t mean I couldn’t covet the merchandise."
"Get up, Shahrzad al-Khayzuran. You kneel before no one. Least of all me."
"This time I wouldn't forget him, because I couldn't ever forgive him - for breaking my heart twice."
A man is lucky if he is the first love of a woman. A woman is lucky if she is the last love of a man.
This dangerous girl. This captivating beauty. This destroyer of worlds and creator of wonder.
It's so much easier to convince yourself you're madly in love with someone when you know nothing about him.
"No matter what, nobody can take away the dances you've already had."
What if love wasn't the act of finding what you were missing but the give-and-take that made you both match?
Love is a possible strength in an actual weakness.
"Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism."
Nothing had changed. I was the stupid one again. I was the girl who never understood who she was to people.
"But hurry, let's entwine ourselves as one, our mouth broken, our soul bitten by love, so time discovers us safely destroyed."
"I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you."
"The practice of love offers no place of safety. We risk loss, hurt, pain. We risk being acted upon by forces outside our control."
That’s what it feels like when you touch me. Like millions of tiny universes being born and then dying in the space between your finger and my skin. Sometimes I forget.
Don't let yourself die without knowing the wonder of fucking with love.
Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred.
Love cannot live where there is no trust.
"Actually, you said Love, for you, is larger than the usual romantic love. It’s like a religion. It’s terrifying. No one will ever want to sleep with you."
You can never be wise and be in love at the same time.
Love is a state in which a man sees things most decidedly as they are not.
"There are only two reasons why you leave someone you're still in love with - either it's the right thing to do, or it's the only thing to do."
"If you listen to the wind very carefully, you'll be able to hear me whisper my love for you."
"...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go."
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest.
"I haven’t been very impressed lately. By people, or places, or the way someone said he loved me and then slowly changed his mind."
"You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!"
The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.
"Well my music was different in high school; I was singing about love—you know, things I don't care about anymore."
I don't think you can define love.
Physical love is unthinkable without violence.
Thought I couldn't live without you It's gonna hurt when it heals too Even though I really love you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to Quickly I'm learning to love again All I know is I'mma be ok
Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.
"She was the kind of girlfriend God gives you young, so you'll know loss the rest of your life."
"But why, why, why can't people just say what they mean?"
"Nothing in life is worth, turning your back on, if you love it."
"I love you more than songs can say, but I can't keep running after yesterday..."
"He looked at his friend, perhaps for the last time, and said what he had always known, from the moment they’d met, when he’d understood that the prince was his brother in soul. “I love you."
"When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain."
I don't let nobody see me wishin' he was mine
You know that I could as soon forget you as my existence!
Everyone's a little crazy. Some people just hide it better than others.
The center will hold.” “How do you know?” “Because we are the center.
"Just for the record, she still loves you. She wouldn't bother to torture you if she didn't."
"Yearning for love made her feel like a cat that was always twining around ankles, meowing Pet me, pet me, look at me, love me."
"Just because love don't look the way you think it should, don't mean you don't have it."
Love is a rebellious bird that nobody can tame.
"You know that when I hate you, it is because I love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul."
"I don't ask you to love me always like this, but I ask you to remember. Somewhere inside me there'll always be the person I am tonight"
Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of happy mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.
"Oh, it's always the same,' she sighed, 'if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it."
"It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death."
"I believe in love the verb, not the noun."
"Over everything, I choose you"
There will never be no love at all.
"Hatred would have been easier. With hatred, I would have known what to do. Hatred is clear, metallic, one-handed, unwavering; unlike love."
"Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius."
"Why are you touching me?"" ""Because I can."
Why is it that words like these seem dull and cold? Is it because there is no word tender enough to be your name?
You are not weak. You are not indecisive. You are strong. Fierce. Capable beyond measure.
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
Sometimes you have to learn to love what's good for you.
"And I'm dying to know, is it killing you like it's killing me? And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now."
"And maybe that was love. Being so vulnerable and allowing someone else in so far they could hurt you, but they also give you everything."
"All any of us wanted, really, was to know that we counted. That someone else's life would not have been as rich without us here."
"Millions of people are suffering: they want to be loved but they don't know how to love. And love cannot exist as a monologue; it is a dialogue, a very harmonious dialogue."
"I just looked at her, feeling utterly empty. I didn’t know what I was supposed to say to her. My life is in that bed. Please let me stay."
"Let me wake up next to you, have coffee in the morning and wander through the city with your hand in mine, and I'll be happy for the rest of my fucked up little life."
"Those who really love you don't mean to hurt you and if they do, you can't see it in their eyes but it hurts them too."
A best friend is the only one that walks into your life when the world has walked out.
I have been loving you a little more every minute since this morning.
"As the light begins to intensify, so does my misery, and I wonder how it is possible to hurt so much when nothing is wrong."
What if I were smiling and running into your arms? Would you see then what I see now?
Love those you hate you.
"It’s not the whole truth. The whole truth is, I’m in love with him still."
No man is offended by another man's admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.
"All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women."
"Well my gun fires seven different shades of shit, so what's your favorite color, punk?"
"She had studied the universe all her life, but had overlooked its clearest message: For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love."
"She can be a nightmare, but this still feels better than any dream."
He was afraid of defiling the love which filled his soul.
Mysteries of attraction could not always be explained through logic. Sometimes the fractures in two separate souls became the very hinges that held them together.
"When you know my love, my love will warm you."
It shattered something inside me that hadn't been broken before.
Why is the measure of love loss?
"We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present."
"I never lie,"" I said offhand. ""At least not to those I don't love."
"A warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does"
Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that!
You are afraid of it because it is stronger than you; you hate it because you are afraid of it; you love it because you cannot subdue it to your will. Only the unsubduable can be loved.
We are born in one day. We die in one day. We can change in one day. And we can fall in love in one day. Anything can happen in just one day.
"Love, whether newly born or aroused from a deathlike slumber, must always create sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, that it overflows upon the outward world."
"And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all."
Westley: This is true love — you think this happens every day?
"Can't you see? Every step I have taken, since I was that child on the bridge, has been to bring myself closer to you."
"I touch the tip of my finger to his lips. ""There are secrets in here,"" I say. ""I want them out."" He tries to bite my finger. I steal it back."
Is it really so that the one I love is everywhere?
"My point is that love is the most powerful motivator in the world. It spurs mortals to greatness. Their noblest, bravest acts are done for love."
"Because I’ve got a lot more terms of endearment to use. Honey pie. Sugarplum. Bread pudding."" “Why are they all high-calorie foods?"
"If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship."
Phones are distracting. The internet is distracting.The way he looked at you? He wasn't distracted. He was consumed.
Remember how it was when we kissed? Armfuls and armfuls of light thrown right at us. A rope dropping down from the sky. How can the word love and the word life even fit in the mouth?
"If you have it [love], you don't need to have anything else, and if you don't have it, it doesn't matter much what else you have."
"Love is not patronizing and charity isn't about pity, it is about love. Charity and love are the same -- with charity you give love, so don't just give money but reach out your hand instead."
"I couldn't stand here, hanging on, when the very thing I held disappeared more with each passing day."
Some girls are full of heartache and poetry and those are the kind of girls who try to save wolves instead of running away from them.
"I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so well."
"There is one friend in the life of each of us who seems not a separate person, however dear and beloved, but an expansion, an interpretation, of one's self, the very meaning of one's soul."
Desire is the kind of thing that eats you and leaves you starving.
"Depression is the flaw in love. To be creatures who love, we must be creatures who can despair at what we lose, and depression is the mechanism of that despair."
Tell me the story.. About how the sun loved the moon so much.. That she died every night.. Just to let him breathe...
"Thank you...for gracing my life with your lovely presence, for adding the sweet measure of your soul to my existence."
Self-talk reflects your innermost feelings.
The water far below was black in the shadow of the ship. A plank creaked. She froze. No noisy jump. It would have to be a dive. Head down into darkness. She’d never dived at night.
"But  Phidias was better than most men since he made beautiful sculptures. He was even making one of her—well, he called it “Athena,” but anyone could see it looked like her."
"Like the fact that the person Sirius cared for the most about in the world was you,"" said Dumbledore quietly."
Perfect love is the most beautiful of all frustrations because it is more than one can express.
"I love you, even if there isn’t any me, or any love, or even any life. I love you."
"I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me."
"They said that love was terrifying and tender, wild and sweet, and none of it made any sense. But now I knew that every mad word was true."
"A man in love can do extraordinary things, I don’t care if you’re an angel, you’re my angel, and I won’t let you go."
"A truth should exist, it should not be used like this. If I love you is that a fact or a weapon?"
Love is described like GOD.
"We all know how loving ends. But I want to fall in love with the world anyway, to let it crack me open. I want to feel what there is to feel while I am here."
Must I go bound while you go free Must I love a manwho doesn't love me Must I be born with so little art As to love a man who'll break my Heart
"Everything I know, I know because of love."
I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.
"The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of... We know the truth not only by the reason, but by the heart."
Impossible is my specialty.
"If love is like a possession, maybe my letter are like my exorcisms"
Love is a drama of contradictions.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
"When we are in love, we are convinced nobody else will do. But as time goes, others do do, and often do do, much much better."
"If I were to kiss you then go to hell, I would. So then I can brag with the devils I saw heaven without ever entering it."
"It reminds me that no embrace will ever feel the same again, because no one will ever be like her again, because she's gone. She's gone, and crying feels so useless, so stupid, but it's all I can do."
It was as if when I looked into his eyes I was standing alone on the edge of the world...on a windswept ocean beach. There was nothing but the soft roar of the waves.
"I am lonely, yet not everybody will do. I don’t know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness."
"Well, it's simple to love someone,"" she said. ""But it's hard to know when you need to say it out loud."
People do the damndest things when they’re in love.
Love is illogical. You fall into it like a manhole. Then you're just stuck. You die in love more than you live in love.
"If you are offended by a belief that says you can’t have your own definition of God, be alarmed at yourself! The implications are humbling, if not embarrassing."
"sometimes no matter how many eyelashes or dandelion seeds you blow, no matter how much of your heart you tear out and slap on your sleeve, it just ain't gonna happen."
A gentleman holds my hand. A man pulls my hair. A soulmate will do both.
I feel like I’ve been split open and stuffed with sunshine.
"Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair."
"Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else."
I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and danger and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love.
"I delete the picture of him from my phone; I delete his number. I think that if I just delete him enough, it will be like none of it ever happened and my heart won't hurt so badly"
"Right now we are here, and nothing can mar our perfection, or steal the joy of this perfect moment."
Perhaps watching someone you love suffer can teach you even more than suffering yourself can.
i do not know what it is about you that closes and opens;only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses
"Everyone has a past, but that's just it--it's in the past. You can learn from it, but you can't change it."
"It is far better to endure patiently a smart which nobody feels but yourself, than to commit a hasty action whose evil consequences will extend to all connected with you."
"I love you, Marks. My heart is completely and utterly yours. And unfortunately for you, the rest of me comes with it."
Loving's pretty easy. It's letting someone love you that's hard.
"If people did not love one another, I really don't see what use there would be in having any spring."
Just in case you ever foolishly forget; I'm never not thinking of you.
"When you were in love, you were capable of learning everything and of knowing things you had never dared even to think, because love was the key to understanding all of the mysteries."
I think it’s beautiful the way you sparkle when you talk about the things you love.
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading. Knowing the contents of a few works of literature is a trivial achievement. Being inclined to go on reading is a great achievement.
"If it weren't for music, I would think that love is mortal."
I had someone once who made every day mean something. And now…. I am lost…. And nothing means anything anymore.
"Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first."
"He was too perfect, despite being one of the most imperfect people I knew."
I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.
"If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings."
and yet her name was like a summons to all my foolish blood.
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts. Don't put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Ronan's second secret was Adam Parrish.
"Nobody knows you. You don't know yourself. And I, who am half in love with you, What am I in love with? My own imaginings?"
There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.
"I want YOU to be the one wanting me first. Pushing me first. Kissing me first. Don't be careful with me,"" he said. ""Because I won't be careful with you."
"Making love to me is amazing. Wait, I meant: making love, to me, is amazing. The absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god."
We are asleep until we fall in Love!
What is love? two souls and one flesh; friendship? two bodies and one soul.
"The fiercest anger of all, the most incurable, Is that which rages in the place of dearest love."
"Ever since time began, people have recognized their true Love by the light in their eyes."
"You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving."
"I love him so much. I love him more than I did yesterday, and I already know tomorrow I'll love him even more, because every piece of him he gives me is another to fall in love with."
Love is the most powerful force in the world. That love can do anything.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
"I am troubled, immeasurably by your eyes. I am struck by the feather of your soft reply. The sound of glass speaks quick, disdain and conceals what your eyes fight to explain."
"It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once."
"You know I'm old in some ways-in others-well, I'm just a little girl. I like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness-and I dread responsibility."
I love you every day. And now I will miss you every day.
"Oh, Mr. Thornton, I am not good enough!' 'Not good enough! Don't mock my own deep feeling of unworthiness."
...maybe it's only fitting that relationship that started with a lie would end with one.
Love heals scars love left
"Sometimes you know in your heart you love someone, but you have to go away before your head can figure it out."
Either you have the feeling or you don't. Hawk Davies
"When you love someone, it's never over,' Dr. Carruthers replied gently. 'You move on, because you have to, but you bring him in your heart."
Unconditional love is hard to compete with.
"I considered myself a Christian. But looking back on it, I guess I was more of a Kluggist. I was klugging my own spirituality. It was years before I would find out how dangerous that was."
How could you go about choosing something that would hold the half of your heart you had to bury?
My shoulder will never be the same. I expect you to nurse me back to health.
He is ugly and sad... but he is all love.
Nothing else wounds so deeply and irreparably. Nothing else robs us of hope so much as being unloved by one we love
"I will find you. In the farthest corner, I will find you."
He can touch your soul. And there is a difference between having your heart break and having your soul shatter.
"Sometimes I wonder if my heart is like a black hole--it's so dense that there's no room for light, but that doesn't mean it can't still suck me in."
Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love.
regret is mostly caused by not having done anything.
It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.
"It’s easy to fall in love, Ben. The hard part comes when you want out."
"If I had a camera,' I said, 'I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life."
You had to be willing to fight in order for a love story to last a life time.
Love changes what is probable and makes unlikely things possible.
Love lasts about seven years. That's how long it takes for the cells of the body to totally replace themselves.
"Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!"
"Nice costume,"" he said. ""Ditto. I can tell you put a lot of thought into yours."" Amusement curled his mouth. ""If you don't like it, I can take it off."
"Popular culture is a place where pity is called compassion, flattery is called love, propaganda is called knowledge, tension is called peace, gossip is called news, and auto-tune is called singing."
"I am two fools, I know, For loving, and for saying so."
I cut myself because you wouldn't let me cry. I cried because you wouldn't let me speak. I spoke because you wouldn't let me shine. I shone because I thought you loved me...
"For love is no part of the dreamworld. Love belongs to Desire, and Desire is always cruel."
Forgive me... for my love - for ruining you with my love.
"Love. It was the beginning and end of everything, the foundation and the ceiling and the air in between."
"If he knew, if he only knew that I was giving him every chance to put two and two together and come up with a number bigger than infinity."
"I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant."
"You have to be very fond of men. Very, very fond. You have to be very fond of them to love them. Otherwise they're simply unbearable."
"Friendship is selfless love, care, respect, and honor not a profitable opportunity."
The worst thing: to give yourself away in exchange for not enough love.
"libidinous, adj. I never understood why anyone would have sex on the floor. Until I was with you and I realized: you don't ever realize you're on the floor."
"I would like to be able to breathe— to be able to love her by memory or fidelity. But my heart aches. I love you continuously, intensely."
"Who said I can't wear my Converse With my dress, well baby That's just me!"
"If you can't prove your freedom in the nanosecond before you spilled rage out of your lips, you have proven your bondage."
None of us can choose where we shall love...
"Your absence has not taught me to be alone, it merely has shown that when together we cast a single shadow on the wall."
Love is not consolation. It is light.
"In a universe of ambiguity, this kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how many lifetimes you live."
"No matter how bad your heart is broken, the world doesn't stop for your grief."
I am yours. Don't give myself back to me.
"It’s impossible,” he snapped. “Why?” “Because I’m Sebastian, Lord St. Vincent. I can’t be celibate. Everyone knows that."
I'd rather die on my own terms than live on theirs. I'd rather die loving Alex than live without him.
I love. The most reckless thing of all.
You are at once both the quiet and the confusion of my heart; imagine my heartbeat when you are in this state.
The most introspective of souls are often those that have been hurt the most.
You are my butterfly and refuse to set you free.
"Fight for the only thing she knew was good enough, noble enough, powerful enough to be worth risking everything... Love."
"Tell me then, does love make one a fool or do only fools fall in love?"
"I love the Lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. Because he turned his ear to me, I will call on him as long as I live. (Psalms 116:1-2 NIV)"
"If the concept of God has any validity or any use, it can only be to make us larger, freer, and more loving. If God cannot do this, then it is time we got rid of Him."
The language of love letters is the same as suicide notes.
"...love is the sum of our choices, the strength of our commitments, the ties that bind us together."
Remembering. Forgetting. I'm not sure which is worse.
Love as thou wilt
"Almost all the time, you tell yourself you're loving somebody when you're just using them. This only looks like love."
Loving someone always requires you to not love others.
"I think about you every second of every day and I don’t know how to get over you,” she says. “Don’t,” I beg her. “Please don’t get over me."
"Time has no meaning, Love will endure.."
"Please, touch me, I pray."
Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same.
Everyone has choices to make; no one has the right to take those choices away from us. Not even out of love..
"Never stop smiling not even when you're sad, someone might fall in love with your smile."
"You know I love you right?” “I know,” he breathed, his arm tightening automatically around my waist. “You know how much I wish it was enough."
"But you've slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart."
That kind of love should've been able to beat sickness. That kind of love should've conquered anything.
"For there is no friend like a sister In calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, To fetch one if one goes astray, To lift one if one totters down, To strengthen whilst one stands"
"He felt now that he was not simply close to her, but that he did not know where he ended and she began."
He went through life with his hands firmly shoved into his pockets. She danced.
Watch carefully the magic that occurs when you give a person enough comfort to just be themselves.
"The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be."
The most difficult aspect of moving on is accepting that the other person already did.
"I mean, I hope you're happy, But the sky is still the sky without you, And I'm not surprised by that anymore."
"If there was one thing a former sniper could do well, it was wait. Patiently. Quietly. Without a sound. Barely a movement. Just him, a quiet mind and his breath."
"I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past, I want it to be in the future."
"Every thing you love is very likely to be lost, but in the end, love will return in a different way."
And we all know love is a glass which makes even a monster appear fascinating.
Isn't hate merely the result of wounded love?
"Love comes with a knife, not some shy question, and not with fears for its reputation!"
"I don’t want to be your first, Fallon. I want to be your last."
"Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go."
He tells me to pick the music. I’m not sure if he knows that handing me his iPod is like handing me the window to his soul.
"I was his exception, and as much as I had tried to fight my feelings, he was mine."
Let me tell ya. You gotta pay attention to signs. When life reaches out with a moment like this it's a sin if you don't reach back... I'm telling you.
"But, my God, it's so beautiful when the boy smiles"
"Their fingers seemed to fit together in just the right way- effortlessly clasped,like perfect complements."
"People who love themselves, don’t hurt other people. The more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer."
One can be very much in love with a woman without wishing to spend the rest of one's life with her.
We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.
"I'm like a starving man who has been given food. Maybe he's cold, and his clothes are torn, and he's ashamed, but he's not unhappy."
Love: the sickest of Irony’s sick jokes. The place where logic and order go to die.
I will love you even when I am dust on the wind.
"Growth in love comes from a place of absence, where the imagination is left to it’s own devices and creates you to be much more then reality would ever allow."
"That's what I love about Aibileen, she can take the most complicated things in life and wrap them up so small and simple, they'll fit right in your pocket."
"Love is a force unto itself, sayyidi. For love, people consider the unthinkable...and often achieve the impossible. I would not sneer at its power."
"She put one hand on mine. “When someone is in your heart, they’re never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times."
We wanted the freedom to love. We wanted the freedom to choose. Now we have to fight for it.
"It is an historical fact that you and I have a problem doing the right thing, for others and for ourselves. Yet, we deny it fiercely or wallow in shame, neither of which God wants for us."
"I’m a fake fact factory. The things I make are the things I make up. Also, as a side business, I make love. Actually, I just made that up."
"I had to touch you with my hands, I had to taste you with my tongue; one can't love and do nothing."
She was bendable light: she shone around every corner of my day.
Sensitive people usually love deeply and hate deeply. They don't know any other way to live than by extremes because thier emotional theromastat is broken.
"What's your heart telling you to do? I don't know.' Maybe, you're trying too hard to hear it."
"I hold it true, whate'er befall; I feel it when I sorrow most; 'Tis better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved at all. Verse XXVII"
"In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life, the pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs."
But whatever However Whenever this ends I want you to know That right now I love you forever
"It's easy to look back and see it, and it's easy to give the advice. But the sad fact is, most people don't look beneath the surface until it's too late."
It seems to me now that the plain state of being human is dramatic enough for anyone; you don't need to be a heroin addict or a performance poet to experience extremity. You just have to love someone.
Emotion without reason lets people walk all over you; reason without emotion is a mask for cruelty.
"He shrank from hearing Margaret's very name mentioned; he, while he blamed her – while he was jealous of her – while he renounced her – he loved her sorely, in spite of himself."
"Love [is] supposed to move mountains, to make the world go round, to be all you need, but it [falls] apart at the deatils. It [can't] save a single person."
No matter how much you love someone—the capacity of that love is meaningless if it outweighs your capacity to forgive.
"Jealous?"" ""Maybe."" ""No reason. I like my ladies with a pulse."
"The question, love, is whether you want me enough to take the risk."
Love is keeping the promise anyway.
"Do people always fall in love with things they can't have?' 'Always,' Carol said, smiling, too."
"If you let lesser people determine your self-worth, you'll never reach higher than their limited imagination."
You smiled and talked to me of nothing and I felt that for this I had been waiting long.
We all have an old knot in the heart we wish to untie.
A person learns how to love himself through the simple acts of loving and being loved by someone else.
Love may forgive all infirmities and love still in spite of them: but Love cannot cease to will their removal.
"Love is an endless mystery, because there is no reasonable cause that could explain it."
"But what he hadn’t expected was that when everyone feared him and flattered him, Lan WangJi scolded him right in his face; when everyone spurned him and loathed him, Lan WangJi stood by his side."
One of the most important things you can do on this earth is to let people know they are not alone.
Love is not finding someone to live with. It's finding someone you can't live without.
"By night, Love, tie your heart to mine, and the two together in their sleep will defeat the darkness"
"Love, that moves the sun and the other stars"
"There was a man who loved the moon, but whenever he tried to embrace her, she broke into a thousand pieces and left him drenched, with empty arms."
"A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her."
"Smirking, he says, ""Whatever spell you just tried to cast on me, it didn't work, so I think you need to go back to Hogwarts."
But you cant shut everyone out. I mean you have to have someone to love. . .someone to hold on to. . . someone--
"I'm yours for ever--for ever and ever. Here I stand; I'm as firm as a rock. If you'll only trust me, how little you'll be disappointed. Be mine as I am yours."
Everything that happens to you matters to me.
Earth Breathes in Us.
"You dumb-ass,"" I crooned, kissing her on the forehead. ""You don't share me. You own me."
I make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep.
"Everything want to be loved. Us sing and dance and holler, just trying to be loved."
The worst thing you can do if you miss or need someone is let them know it.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
"Not enough,"" he said, letting her hair slip through his fingers. ""If I kiss you all day, everyday, for the rest of my life, it won't be enough."
"It is that we are never so defenseless against suffering as when we love, never so helplessly unhappy as when we have lost our loved object or its love."
"If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder."
I think Heaven will be like a first kiss.
Love is born into every human being; it calls back the halves of our original nature together; it tries to make one out of two and heal the wound of human nature.
"You left with my soul in your fists and my heart in your teeth, and I don’t want either of them back.” ~Ben"
It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.
"If you didn't remember something happening, was it because it never had happened? Or because you wished it hadn't?"
How 'bout a shot of truth in that denial cocktail.
There is nothing prettier in the whole wide world than a girl in love with every breath she takes.
"Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and, as it were, to guide us."
"He stepped down, avoiding any long look at her as one avoids long looks at the sun, but seeing her as one sees the sun, without looking."
"He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly every time he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses."
"I love you all, even those I don’t particularly like. That’s you, Beryl."
What a terrible feeling to love soemone and not be able to help them.
It hurts to love. It's like giving yourself to be flayed and knowing that at any moment the other person may just walk off with your skin.
"This is what time travel is. It’s looking at a person, and seeing them in the present and the past, concurrently. And that mode of transport only worked with those one had known a significant time."
"In the meantime, I hope you will find your place, wherever you are. Even in the silence, I hope you will find the words you need to share."
"If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden."
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
It was her chaos that made her beautiful.
Human existence is so fragile a thing and exposed to such dangers that I cannot love without trembling.
"You don't need to justify your love, you don't need to explain your love, you just need to practice your love. Practice creates the master."
"It answers the question that was tormenting you: my love, you are not 'one thing in my life' - not even the most important - because my life no longer belongs to me because...you are always me."
"I realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know."
"Her desires are mine. Her wishes are mine. Should even the world stand against her, my blade will be at her side. And should it fail to protect her, let my own existence be forfeit."" - Ash"
What you are to do without me I cannot imagine.
"I can wait,"" he said thickly, kissing her collarbone. ""We have all the time in the world."
Tomas did not realize at the time that metaphors are dangerous. Metaphors are not to be trifled with. A single metaphor can give birth to love.
"Love doesn't always come when you want it to. Sometimes it just happens, despite your will."
"Are you asking me to undress, Tris?' A nervous laugh gurgles from my throat. 'Only ... partially"
"...and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, 'That was fine'. And your life is a long line of fine."
"Dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. How vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! Such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once."
"If loneliness was a choice, what was the other option? To settle for second-best and try to be happy with that? And was that fair to the person you settled for?"
Love! Love until the night collapses!
"Dexter, I love you so much. So, so much, and I probably always will. I just don't like you anymore. I'm sorry."
"It’s a weird phrase in English, in love, like it’s a sea you drown in or a town you live in. You don’t get to be in anything else—in friendship or in anger or in hope. All you can be in is love."
"You've got to have someone who loves your body. Who doesn't define you, but sees you. Who loves what he sees. Who you don't have to struggle to be good enough for."
"When you leave, weary of me, without a word I shall gently let you go."
"He looks at her and smiles. ""You're sort of dangerous, you know?"" She stares at him. ""Me?"" ""Yeah,"" he says sitting back. ""I'm way too honest with you."
"He looked at her as a man might look at a faded flower he had plucked, in which it was difficult for him to trace the beauty that had made him pick and so destroy it"
"It's usually the selfish people who are loved the most. They do what you deny yourself, and you love them for it. You give them your heart."
He was both everything I could ever want… And nothing I could ever have…
"Give the ones you love wings to fly, roots to come back and reasons to stay."
Stains are even worse when you're the only one who can see them.
"We're not words, Henry, we're people. Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose."
"When a woman loves you she's not satisfied until she possesses your soul. Because she's weak, she has a rage for domination, and nothing less will satisfy her."
"If people are going to be allowed to say ""we love you"" and ""I love you"", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word."
"Sometimes you cry, Susie, even when someone you love has been gone a long time."
You know what the worst thing I can imagine is? Simon had said. Not trusting someone I love.
"I wished it was raining,"" he said. ""I don't need the rain,"" I said. ""I need you."
Real museums are places where Time is transformed into Space.
"I pray you, do not fall in love with me, for I am falser than vows made in wine."
"Between what is said and not meant, and what is meant and not said, most of love is lost."
"You may only call me ""Mrs. Darcy""... when you are completely, and perfectly, and incandescently happy."
"In the absence of love, we began slowly but surely to fall apart."
"It's good to let God pick a man for you. We don't do so well when we pick them ourselves. They end up lipsticks in a drawer, all those wrong colors you thought looked so good in the package."
Take my hand and we'll make it - I swear
Mine was the twilight and the morning. Mine was a world of rooftops and love songs.
"I will be with her again, or I will die. There aren’t any other options"
"In the vastness of space and the immensity of time, it is my joy to share a planet and an epoch with Annie. [Dedication to Sagan's wife, Ann Druyan, in Cosmos]"
"I love you. I would die to protect you. I would make you hate me to keep you safe because damn it, Avery—some things are too precious to gamble."
"Can he love her? Can the soul really be satisfied with such polite affections? To love is to burn - to be on fire, like Juliet or Guinevere or Eloise..."
"Love, and you shall be loved."
"I love you beyond paint, beyond melodies, beyond words. And I hope you will always feel that, even when I'm not around to tell you so."
"What was it like to lose him?"" Asked Sorrow. There was a long pause before I responded: It was like hearing every goodbye ever said to me—said all at once."
"No matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way."
"She asked if I loved another woman, so I answered honestly and said, “Dinner was great, but I could go for dessert."
Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.
"If I were rain, That joins sky and earth that otherwise never touch, Could I join two hearts as well?"
"I love you. I love you. I send this message through my fingers and into his, up his arm and into his heart. Hear me. I love you. And I'm sorry to leave you."
some people fall in love over and over again while some people can only do it once.
"Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity."
"Not only did I love her, but I could tell the universe loved her, too. More than others. She was different. After all; I would be a fool not to notice the way the sunshine played with her hair."
My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.
He didn't marry you to become king. He became king because he wanted to marry you.
"But that afternoon he asked himself, with his infinite capacity for illusion, if such pitiless indifference might not be a subterfuge for hiding the torments of love."
"If he can't handle you at your worst then he does not deserve you at your best. Real love means seeing beyond the words spoken out of pain, and instead seeing a person's soul."
... i didn't fall in love of course it's never up to you but she was walking back and forth and i was passing through
"It never gets easier, missing you. And sometimes I wonder if it ever will."
"Suddenly it was too hard to be in his presence, too painful to know that he would belong to someone else."
The last time I felt alive – I was looking into your eyes. Breathing your air…. touching your skin… … Saying goodbye…. The last time I felt alive…. I was dying.
"When you love you should not think you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course."
My love is meatloaf flavored. I just wish my meatloaf was also meatloaf flavored.
"If I could bronze my love, it’d be worthy of a silver medal."
"And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you."
Do not allow me to forget you
"He brought out the worst in me, and was the best thing that ever happened to me."
"At the end as at the start, and through all the in-betweens, I love you."
"I found him carefully studying me, his lips in a thin line. “Has anyone ever taken care of you?” he asked quietly. “No.” I’d long since stopped feeling sorry for myself about it."
I might kiss you. I might be bad at it. That's not possible.
"Every time I close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise. No one compares to you, but there's no you, except in my dreams tonight"
She was afraid of heights but she was much more afraid of never flying.
"Don’t spoil me with your lies, love me with your truth."
The knowledge that she would never be loved in return acted upon her ideas as a tide acts upon cliffs.
I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.
"You put me through hell. On purpose. Made me suffer. And there’s no end in sight. I don’t know what the fuck you’re doing, ace, but this Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde shit ain’t cutting it with me."
The spiritualization of sensuality is called love: it is a great triumph over Christianity.
"We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love."
Do you remember what you said to me once? That you could help me only by loving me? Well-you did love me for a moment; and it helped me. It has always helped me.
"What am I supposed to call you?"" ""Your Royal Husbandness. It's required by law, I'm afraid."
Maybe sometimes we can only see the truth about ourselves if someone shows us where to look.
I could’ve sworn I was telling the truth when I told you I didn’t miss you.
"I know I’m not supposed to say this, but I love you."
I recognized you instantly. All of our lives flashed through my mind in a split second. I felt a pull so strongly towards you that I almost couldn't stop it.
That this girl would know exactly how to shatter me.
"After all, a woman who doesn't love cats is never going to be make a man happy."
Your inner strength is your outer foundation
It was rather beautiful: the way he put her insecurities to sleep. The way he dove into her eyes and starved all the fears and tasted all the dreams she kept coiled beneath her bones.
"You promised, Seaweed Brain. We would not get separated! Ever again!” “You’re impossible!” “Love you too!"
"I'm not supposed to miss you, I'm not supposed to care"
It’s difficult for me to imagine the rest of my life without you. But I suppose I don’t have to imagine it... I just have to live it
love is blind and lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit
Whoever debases others is debasing himself.
"Her heart - like every heart, if only its fallen sides were cleared away - was an inexhaustible fountain of love: she loved everything she saw."
Without love we all like birds with broken wings.
"That I shall love always, I argue thee that love is life, and life hath immortality"
You have corrupted my imagination and inflamed my blood...
"What we all want, really, is to be loved. That craving drives our worst behavior."
"I think of how each person in a marriage owes it to the other to find individual happiness, even in a shared life. That this is the only way to grow together, instead of apart."
"I once loved a girl who almost loved me, but not as much as she loved John Cusack."
You can be in love and you can be in a relationship. But they’re not always the same thing.
"How we need that security. How we need another soul to cling to, another body to keep us warm. To rest and trust; to give your soul in confidence: I need this, I need someone to pour myself into."
A real relationship is two-way.
"Two minds with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one."
"When you say ""I"" and ""my"" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the ""we"" and ""our""."
"For some people, “the point of no return” begins at the very moment their souls become aware of each others’ existence."
I know what I have given you... I do not know what you have received.
"Often you don't know whether a woman is friend, enemy or lover until it is too late. Sometimes, she is all three."
"Out of the bedroom window, Tara watches the silver moon in the night sky cast a faint glow on the pine trees.  Ian was right.  It’s time to move on.  Not to forget, but to forge ahead."
"They knew now that if there is one thing one can always yearn for, and sometimes attain, it is human love."
"Love is a game of tic-tac-toe, constantly waiting for the next x or o."
He's the one. And some thoughts once thought are very hard to unthink.
"True friends will always push you towards the great possibilities of your future, false friends will always chain you to the mistakes in your past."
I'm with you. No matter what else you have in your head I'm with you and I love you.
"Until then, I will continue to love you more and more with every struggle we face than I loved you when all was perfect."
Impossible to be alone inside something living & listening.
"I worry there is something broken in our generation, there are too many sad eyes on happy faces."
"I told you,"" he whispers back. I can feel his breath just tickling the space behind my ear, making my hair prick up on my neck. ""I like you."" ""You don't know me,"" I say quickly. ""I want to, though."
"Right now, it's hard to imagine that it is raining anywhere in the world."
I like being the girl nobody can have.
The reality of loving God is loving him like he's a Superhero who actually saved you from stuff rather than a Santa Claus who merely gave you some stuff.
Every life needs a little space. It leaves room for good things to enter it.
It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
What sexual preference do you hope she has?” “Happiness.” Isnt that cool?
"When male authors write love stories, the heroine tends to end up dead."
The true measure of a man is how he treats you when others are not looking.
Love is the most selfish of all the passions.
"I am the poet of the poor, because I was poor when I loved; since I could not give gifts, I gave words."
Think of it! We could have gone on longing for one another and pretending not to notice forever. This obsession with dignity can ruin your life if you let it.
If we only fell in love with people who were perfect for us...then there wouldn't be so much fuss about love in the first place.
You might as well make yourself fly as to make yourself love.
What barrier is there that love cannot break?
You can’t fool people into loving you.
This is the part where I kiss you.
"how sad and bad and mad it was - but then, how it was sweet"
"I love you,"" I whisper. ""I love you exactly as you are."
"There's only one thing that can heal the heart... Only one... It's love, Gaara."
"You dance inside my chest, where no one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art."
"You stay safe, You love. You survive. You laugh and cry and struggle and sometimes you fail and sometimes you succeed. You Push."
"Wildflower; pick up your pretty little head, It will get easier, your dreams are not dead."
"Time expands, then contracts, all in tune with the stirrings of the heart."
My whole life has been pledged to this meeting with you...
"Sometimes I shrink from your knowing what I have felt for you, and sometimes I am distressed that all of it you will never know."
"There are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; it’s the endings we’re unprepared for."
He said that we belonged together because he was born with a flower and I was born with a butterfly and that flowers and butterflies need each other for survival.
Don’t marry him. Don’t be with him. Be with me.
No one is likable from the inside out.
"He was waving. ""Saukerl,"" she laughed, and as she held up her hand, she knew completely that he was simultaneously calling her a Saumensch. I think that's as close to love as eleven-year-olds can get."
Nobody dies from the lack of sex. It's lack of love we die from.
"It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire, and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze. The day on which you are without passionate love is the most wasted day of your life."
i am not a hotel room. i am home i am not the whiskey you want i am the water you need don't come here with expectations and try to make a vacation out of me
If you love something let it go.. if it comes back its yours
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
I want him to see the flowers in my eyes and hear the songs in my hands.
"Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?"
There was nowhere I could go that wouldn't be you.
"And even as I'm kissing him and kissing him and kissing him, I wish I were kissing him, wanting more, more, more, more, like I can't get enough, never will be able to get enough."
"To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken."
Love was the most savage monster of all.
"I thought I was going to sweat five years before I'd feel like this."" ""I wanted it as much as you did. I've just got a hell of a poker face"" I smiled, pressing my lips against his."
"Do you think we can be friends?” I asked. He stared up at the ceiling. “Probably not, but we can pretend."
This goes to show you that sometimes the unseen is not to be feared and that those meant to love us most are not always ones who do.
having nothing to struggle against they have nothing to struggle for.
It is love alone that gives worth to all things.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
"I can't sleep, I can't eat, I can't do anything but think about him. At night I dream of him, all day I wait to see him, and when I do see him my heart turns over and I think I will faint with desire."
"No, I don't miss you... Not in a way that one is missed. But I think of you. Sometimes. In the way that one might think of the summer sunshine On a winter night..."
Is it possible not to ever know your type-not to even know you have a type-until quite suddenly you do?
I love you. You’re mine. I’ll kill any bastard who tries to take you from me.
"You can't just come into someone's life, make them feel special, and then leave."
You are what happiness means to me. And I would rather have today with you than forever with anyone else.
"Give me the Love that leads the way The Faith that nothing can dismay The Hope no disappointments tire The Passion that'll burn like fire Let me not sink to be a clod Make me Thy fuel, Flame of God"
"Why do we desire, above all other things, that which has the greatest power to destroy us?"
Everything about her has to do with me.
In this story I am the poet You're the poetry.
Find a woman who makes you feel more alive. She won't make life perfect but she'll make it infinitely more interesting. And then love her with all that's in you.
You know what the secret is? It's so simple. We love one another. We're nice to one another. Do you know how rare that is? - Carmen
Honesty and openness is always the foundation of insightful dialogue.
But you're so busy changing the world Just one smile can change all of mine
Depression is being colorblind and constantly told how colorful the world is.
"Marriage is not a process for prolonging the life of love, sir. It merely mummifies its corpse."
I am a restlessness inside a stillness inside a restlessness.
"And it is you, spirit--with will and energy, and virtue and purity--that I want, not alone with your brittle frame."
"I wish the night would end, I wish the day'd begin, I wish it would rain or snow, or the wind would blow, or the grass would grow, I wish I had yesterday, I wish there were games to play..."
"Love can rebuild the world, they say, so everything's possible when it comes to love."
You have to live each hour as if it's your last and each day as if you were immortal. - Kate Sheffield
"Life is like a sandwich! Birth as one slice, and death as the other. What you put in-between the slices is up to you. Is your sandwich tasty or sour? Allan Rufus.org"
"The truth was...he was in love with her. Totally over-the-line, no-going-back, not-even-dead-would-he-part kind of shit."
The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.
"Why did he have to be so gorgeous? Why did he have to stand so close, and why did I still love him so much?"
It's not at all hard to understand a person; it's only hard to listen without bias.
This witch had been crafted from the darkness between the stars.
You destroy me and then you kiss me. You give me a reason to hat you and then you give me a reason to love you. Is this a lie or the truth? Is the a ploy or your heart reaching for me?
The heart is a strange beast and not ruled by logic.
"Why all these paintings of you? Because I'm an artist, Emma. These pictures are my heart. And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you."
Some people are easier to love when you don't have to be around them.
Love is proved the moment you let go of someone because they need you to.
I feel…and I have reason to believe…that we could come to mean something to each other.
Love moderately. Long love doth so. Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow. *Love each other in moderation. That is the key to long-lasting love. Too fast is as bad as too slow.*
Love to me was honesty. Being real. Knowing someone's best and worst. Love was a push that said someone believed in you when you didn't.
"I miss you. I miss you. I miss you, I miss you. Be ready, because when I see you, I'll never let you go again."
"So many believe that it is love that grows, but it is the knowing that grows and love simply expands to contain it."
"What a man wants is a mate and what a woman wants is infinite security,’ and, ‘What a man is is an arrow into the future and a what a woman is is the place the arrow shoots off from."
"Love, too, has to be learned."
It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love.
You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love.
"You asked me to go out with you. I know you probably changed your mind. But you should know, the answer was yes. It's always been yes when it comes to you."
"I love you for who you are, not who the world thinks you should be."
"To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult."
"Loving you forever can't be wrong. Even though you're not here, can't move on"
"It's okay to love something a little too much,as long as it's real to you."
the very thought of you has my legs spread apart like an easel with a canvas begging for art
"I was born to join in love, not hate - that is my nature."
The desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone & that's exactly why we end up loving the person who doesn't deserve that LOVE.
"When all is said and done, the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure."
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
Only in the eyes of love you can find infinity.
Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...
"If she’s not careful, I might just fall in love with her. Tonight."
We can disagree and still love each other unless your disagreement is rooted in my oppression and denial of my humanity and right to exist.
To make one person the center of your world is bound to end in disaster. There are too many factors outside your control.
I’m sort of… coming off a bad relationship” “When did it end?” “Slightly before it started.
"i’m not scared of the monsters hidden underneath my bed. i’m much more scared of the boys with messy brown hair, sleepy eyes, & mouths that only know how to form half-truths."
"I can't promise not to make you mad. I can't promise that I won't hurt you. All I can promise is that I want you in my life, and I'll do anything to keep you there."
"People will walk in and walk out of your life, but the one whose footstep made a long lasting impression is the one you should never allow to walk out."
"From the stars, to the stars."
"I am beginning to understand,"" said the little prince. ""There is a flower... I think that she has tamed me..."
"Do you ever just put your arms out and just spin and spin and spin? Well, that's what love is like; everything inside of you tells you to stop before you fall, but for some reason you just keep going."
"You've got to learn to leave the table When love's no longer being served""."
Just knowing you exist changed the world for me.
"In fact, she was both my first and second words: Umma, then Mom. I called to her in two languages. Even then I must have known that no one would ever love me as much as she would."
"My mother used to tell me that when push comes to shove, you always know who to turn to. That being a family isn't a social construct but an instinct."
"Soulmate"" is an overused term, but a true soul connection is very rare, and very real."
"If you love something, let it go. If you don't love something, definitely let it go. Basically, just drop everything, who cares."
Tucker: Why would you tell me now if it's against the rules? Clara: Because I love you.
Are those the only options? Nothing or forever?
"Fall in love with someone who tastes like adventure but looks like the calm, beautiful morning after a terrible storm"
"I've loved keeping your secret, Remus wanted to say, I'd keep a thousand more, for you."
"The people you love become ghosts inside of you, and like this you keep them alive."
"I'm telling you this for one reason and one reason only: No matter how sure you are of someone's love, it's always nice to hear it."
This is what I want so don't be sad.
Happiness is the china shop; love is the bull.
Love makes the world go round? Not at all. Whiskey makes it go round twice as fast.
People who meet in airports are seventy-two percent more likely to fall for each other than people who meet anywhere else.
How can you trust something that can end as suddenly as it begins?
"You said move on, where do I go?"
"Do you love me enough that I may be weak with you? Everyone loves strength, but do you love me for my weakness? That is the real test."
Imagine going about your day knowing someone’s carrying you in their mind. That has to be the best part of being in love- the feeling of having a home in some else’s brain.
"I have loved to the point of madness; that which is called madness, that which to me, is the only sensible way to love."
"If a man whistles at you, don't turn around. You are a lady not a dog."
"Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness. Love Always, The girl you loved once."
"Right now, I had everything I could ask for. It wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one, starting with the love of my life back in my arms."
I believe the stars align so souls can find one another. Whether they are meant to be souls in love or souls in life remains to be seen.
The ink of the scholar is more holy than the blood of the martyr.
"She soared above the ground, and he kept her tethered to the earth. Without him she would be lost among the clouds."
"I love you, with a love so great that it simply couldn't keep growing inside my heart, but had to leap out and reveal itself in all its magnitude."
A man when he is making up to anybody can be cordial and gallant and full of little attentions and altogether charming. But when a man is really in love he can't help looking like a sheep.
"She wanted to lose herself in him. To tie his arms around her like a tourniquet. If she showed him how much she needed him, he'd run away."
"Who am I to deny gravity, Aurora? When you shine brighter than any constellation in the sky?"
"Because love, love is never finished. It circles and circles, the memories out of order and not always complete."
Love fades. Mine has.
To the stars who listen and the dreams that are answered
"To live without you is to be robbed of love and what is life without it? To live without you is death to me, my love but some call it life."
You'll never be able to let him go. You'll always feel wrong about being with me.
God's definition of what matters is pretty straightforward. He measures our lives by how we love.
Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it and it darts away.
What I feel for you can’t be conveyed in phrasal combinations; It either screams out loud or stays painfully silent but I promise — it beats words. It beats worlds.
"People fall in love without reason, without even wanting to. You can't predict it. That's love."
This is how the girl who couldn't speak and the man who couldn't see fell in love.
"...when you decide you want to be with someone forever, you want forever to start right now."
"I'll always want him. Until every sun goes dark in every sky, until I am nothing more than long-forgotten cosmic dust, I will want him. And even then I suspect my particles will long for his."
Feelings are something you have; not something you are.
That must be love: when everything else in the world could implode and you wouldn't care as long as you had that one person standing beside you.
"Thank you, Mr. Rochester, for your great kindness. I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home."
"The room fell quiet. And as I read down the list of over one hundred and fifty eight-grade boys, I realized that to me, there had only ever been one boy."
We have only a little time to please the living. But all eternity to love the dead.
"Love is irrational, I reminded myself. The more you loved someone, the less sense anything made."
"Like time suspended, a wound unmended-- you and I. We had no ending, no said goodbye; For all my life, I'll wonder why."
It's true that nothing in this world makes us so necessary to others as the affection we have for them.
"...in matters of feeling and of the heart, too much is always better than too little."
I guess the sacrifice of my dignity is the only thing that will save us now. The things I endure for love. The Fates laugh at my torment.
"You can love somebody without it being like that. You keep them a stranger, a stranger who's a friend."
"There is no perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness."
"No … because they are just husbands. I am Evelyn Hugo. And anyways, I think once people know the truth, they will be much more interested in my wife."
"The purpose of relationship is not to have another who might complete you, but to have another with whom you might share your completeness."
"Some people are born with tornadoes in their lives, but constellations in their eyes. Other people are born with stars at their feet, but their souls are lost at sea."
Her existence alone was excuse enough to justify the creation of the entire world.
"I think given the choice between loving Mare - betrayal included - and never knowing her, I'd chose love. I risked, and I lost, but the risk was still worth it."
"Soul, if you want to learn secrets, your heart must forget about shame and dignity. You are God's lover, yet you worry what people are saying."
You don’t think monster girls and wicked boys deserve love?
She had just enough madness to make her interesting
I knew exactly what kind of effort I was going to need to get where I wanted to go.
"So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry"
"Dear friend, You are not a freak. You are wanted. You are necessary. You are the only you there is. Don’t be afraid to leave the castle. It’s a great big world out there. Love, a fellow reader"
"If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty."
"Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!"
"All she had needed was the certainty of his love, and his reassurance that there was no hurry when a lifetime lay ahead of them."
"You have within you,right now,everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you."
"It's a very brave thing to fall in love. You have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave."
Home is where you are. I would go anywhere for you if you wanted me there.
"Love is like the sea. It's a moving thing, but still and all, it takes its shape from the shore it meets, and it's different with every shore."
"I asked you here tonight because when you realise you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible."
"Sometimes I think gravity may be death in disguise. Other times I think gravity is love, which is why love's only demand is that we fall."
I loved him as we always love for the first time; with idolatry and wild passion.
I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.
"As long as I can dream, I will dream of you."
"You carried my heart in your hands tonight,"" he said. ""But I have felt as if you carried it long before that."
"He didn't mind how he looked to other people, because the nursery magic had made him Real, and when you are Real shabbiness doesn't matter."
"If you do not know what you feel, then it is difficult to choose love; it is better to fall. Then you do not have to be responsible for your actions."
...some things are better left in the past. And true things are destined to repeat themselves.
"Love is the only thing that we can carry with us when we go, and it makes the end so easy."
"To love someone, why do you need society's approval and permission?"
"But love is complicated, it’s messy. It can inspire selflessness, selfishness, our greatest accomplishments and our hardest mistakes. It brings us together and it can just as easily drive us apart."
"That's how you know you really trust someone, I think; when you don't have to talk all the time to make sure they still like you or prove that you have interesting stuff to say."
"I’ve been working hard to become the kind of man she needs, the kind of man she already believes me to be."
"There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside."
"I gave you my heart, but it wasn't enough."
I realized I’m in love. It's always been right in front of me.
"You want to take me to a movie?"" I asked. ""Well, not really,"" he said. ""What I really want is for you to be my girlfriend. But I thought saying that might scare you off."
You're a dream. Like everything else.
"We outgrow love like other things and put it in a drawer, till it an antique fashion shows like costumes grandsires wore."
"Sometimes, remembering hurts too much."
"Never fall in love?"" ""Always,"" said the count. ""I am always in love."
"You seem to think you have a choice,"" Cam said. ""But you have it backwards. Love chooses you. The shadow moves as the sun commands."
"He looked different in sleep, beautiful but cold as moonlight. I found myself wishing he would wake so that I might watch the life return."
"the worst thing,"" he told me, ""is bitterness, people end up so bitter."
To long a sacrifice can make a stone of a heart
"Oh, don't mind me,"" came an extremely sarcastic voice near the wall. “You two go ahead and make out–I'll just sit here and bleed quietly."
"Does that count as an argument? Can we kiss and make up now?” ""It was only half an argument.” “Fine. Then, you kiss and I’ll make up.” I laughed until he effectively shut me up with his lips."
"It always struck me in years after how bizarre it was, how two people could look at one another with such tenderness and complete love, and how quickly that could dissolve into nothing but bitterness."
the world is not a pleasant place to be without someone to hold and be held by.
"The thing is, that world doesn't exist. All growing up means is that your realize no one will come along to fix things. No one will come along to save you."
Waiting is erotic
Love is not something you protect. It’s something you risk.
The bottom line is that we never fall for the person we're supposed to.
"If in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see God in it. Those who are not in love with God will see only their own faces in it."
I wanted to punch him and understand him at the same time.
The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference.
Let this hell be our heaven.
"To me you are a work of art, and I would give you my heart - that's if I had one."
"The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last."
Bliss it was in that dawn to be alive But to be young was very heaven.
"He says he’s lonely, horribly lonely because of this love he feels for her. She says she’s lonely too. She doesn’t say why."
"Wine enters through the mouth, Love, the eyes. I raise the glass to my mouth, I look at you, I sigh."
"Ebb I know what my heart is like Since your love died: It is like a hollow ledge Holding a little pool Left there by the tide, A little tepid pool, Drying inward from the edge."
"Choice or no, my heart is his."
"I know you loved both he and I, the way a mother can love two sons. And no one should be judged for loving more than they ought, only for loving not enough."
...lies can sound awfully pretty when a girl is in love with the person telling them.
Not like this. He wanted it to be real.
Love is a decision - not an emotion!
"Gilbert, I'm afraid I'm scandalously in love with you."
I just don't see why the past has to matter.
I hope you find someone who knows how to love you when you are sad.
"She blushed and so did he. She greeted him in a faltering voice, and he spoke to her without knowing what he was saying."
Don't touch me; I'll die if you touch me.
"Some people feel love in their hearts, Julie. Some of us feel it all way into our souls. We're the ones who can't forget."
They do make love stories for girls with black hearts after all. They go like this.
"I look at you, and I think about you, and ... I don't know. No one has ever confounded me the way you do."
"So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty."
I have lost and loved and won and cried myself to the person I am today.
Any time not spent on love is wasted.
"What made me run away was doubtless not so much the fear of settling down, but of settling down permanently in something ugly."
"One loves truly only once in a lifetime, Julian, even if one isn’t aware of it."
She knew whose love she doubted. It wasn't her parents' and it wasn't her friends: It was her own.
A sky full of stars and he was staring at her. —ATTICUS
"Catch me if I fall, all right?” A smile curved his lips in a most delightful manner. “I’ve already fallen hard, Wadsworth. Perhaps you should have warned me sooner."
"Better to put your heart on the line, risk everything, and walk away with nothing than play it safe. Love is a lot of things, but “safe” isn’t one of them."
"Because you’re it, okay? I’m never gonna love anybody in the world like I love you."
"But I believe in love, you know; love is a uniquely portable magic. I don’t think it’s in the stars, but I do believe that blood calls to blood and mind calls to mind and heart to heart."
I want my world to start and end with you.
"We ought not to be weary of doing little things for the love of God, who regards not the greatness of the work, but the love with which it is performed."
Falling into ruin was a bit like falling in love: Both descents stripped you bare and left you as you were at your core. And both endings are equally painful.
It is better to have an enemy who will fight you in an open field then a lover who will kill you in your sleep.
He touched my soul long before I knew what his hands felt like.
The devil wins only through lies and deception.
May your love for me be like the scent of the evening sea drifting in through a quiet window so i do not have to run or chase or fall ... to feel you all i have to do is breathe.
he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with.
"I could feel the warmth of his presence as if a soft blanket had been wrapped around my soul, around my heart. It held me and protected me. It sheltered me and I knew I wasn’t alone anymore."
I miss everything about you Can't believe that I still want you And after all the things we've been through
"I don't want more sense!"" I said loudly, beating against the silence of the room. ""Not if sense means I'll stop loving anyone. What is there besides people that's worth holding on to?"
Love brings to light a lover's noble and hidden qualities-his rare and exceptional traits: it is thus liable to be deceptive of his normal qualities.
"Speak what we feel, not what we ought to say."
"I'm done. I don't need anything more out of life. I have you, and that's enough."
From the moment I saw her I knew this one was worth the broken heart.
"The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in."
"breathtaking, adj. Those mornings when we kiss and surrender for an hour before we say a single word."
"It isn't about love,"" Vee said. ""It's about fun."
"Then wake up my sweet,  wake up knowing that your future is to be happy, and that your heart will heal."
"What are you wishing for?' Grace interrupted. 'To kiss you,' I said to her."
"Grief is like the ocean; it comes on waves ebbing and flowing. Sometimes the water is calm, and sometimes it is overwhelming. All we can do is learn to swim."
He is the cheese to my macaroni.
"Take it from me: love has all the lasting permanence of a rainbow- beautiful while it's there, and just as likely to have disappeared by the time you blink."
We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.
She writes things with her movements that I for the life of me could never write with a pen.
"You and I, it's as though we have been taught to kiss in heaven and sent down to earth together, to see if we know what we were taught."
"Juliette, love,” he says to me, still holding my eyes. “You have just started a war."
Personality begins where comparison leaves off. Be unique. Be memorable. Be confident. Be proud.
Mothers and their children are in a category all their own. There's no bond so strong in the entire world. No love so instantaneous and forgiving.
"I want you. I want you so badly I can’t stand it. When you left, it felt like the world got darker. Like I couldn’t truly see anything. Couldn’t feel anything."
"Sometimes it hurts to look at you,” I said. I loved that I could say that and he knew exactly what I meant."
I prayed for all his dreams to come true. I prayed that I would always be able to connect with him--even if I was no longer on earth.
The Artist always has the masters in his eyes.
"I’m not a warrior or a goddess,” I said at last. Adrian leaned closer. “As far as I’m concerned, you’re both."
"The only difference between falling in love and being in love is that your heart already knows how you feel, but your mind is too stubborn to admit it."
"Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death."
"Don't be afraid to lose him, because if a man truly loves you, he's not going anywhere"
And empty words are evil.
Love is not an emotion. It is your very existence.
"Ah me, but where are now the songs I sang When life was sweet because you call’d them sweet?"
"People leave traces of themselves where they feel most comfortable, most worthwhile."
"Because my love for you is beyond words, I decided to shut up."
"I loved him,"" Remus said. ""but he wasn't you"
"Are you a student of Shakespeare?"" ""He's been dead a long time, so not precisely, but who isn't?"" she said."
"I want to make love, but my hair smells of war and running and running."
That was her magic— she could still see the sunset even on those darkest days.
Is not general incivility the very essence of love?
Is it still a fish cart when there’s no fish in it? When its false bottom is filled with children?
A celestial wizard doesn’t destroy celestial bodies. She bends them.
"Then you look at her and smile a smile your dissembling face will remember until the day you die. Baby, you say, baby, this is part of my novel. This is how you lose her."
"And think not you can direct the course of love, for love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course."
"True love always makes a man better, no matter what woman inspires it."
"You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving."
"I wanted to tell her that I loved her, and not in the complicated way I loved our parents, but in a simple way I never had to think about. I loved her like breathing."
Sometimes divorce isn’t an earth-shattering loss. Sometimes it’s just two people waking up out of a fog.
He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves its own mark.
"Tell me something true, or tell me nothing at all."
In love the other is important; in lust you are important
"The world is filled with love-play, from animal lust to sublime compassion."
My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.
Darkness may hide the trees and the flowers from the eyes but it cannot hide love from the soul.
A wonderful gift may not be wrapped as you expect.
The heart makes its choices without weighing the consequences. It doesn't look ahead to the lonely nights that follow.
I don't understand how I can know so little about love and how it works. How I can be so bad at it when it's all I've ever wanted. All I've ever known is about leaving or being left.
"Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, and men below, and the saints above, for love is heaven, and heaven is love."
"I give her the only honest and true answer I have. ""You're where I want to be."
"It took me years to figure out that upset was upset, and tumultuousness was not the same thing as passion. Love isn't drama."
"I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain."
Falling in love was like falling off a cliff. It felt pretty much like flying until you hit the ground.
"It was the first time I was ever in love, and I learned a lot. Before that I'd never even thought about killing myself."
"The difference between the love of a man and the love of a woman is that a man will always give reasons for loving, but a woman gives no reasons for loving."
Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.
If I'm not the love of your life I'll be the greatest loss instead
Soul connections are not often found and are worth every bit of fight left in you to keep.
"The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves."
"Then she was kissing him as she had never kissed him before...and it was blissful oblivion, better than firewhisky; she was the only real thing in the world."
—I don't want to lose you —Then why are you the one that keeps letting go?
"If you walked away from a toxic, negative, abusive, one-sided, dead-end low vibrational relationship or friendship — you won."
I am the least difficult of men. All I want is boundless love.
Too many adults wish to 'protect' teenagers when they should be stimulating them to read of life as it is lived.
"Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don't even show that to yourself."
"All children should be taught to unconditionally accept, approve, admire, appreciate, forgive, trust, and ultimately, love their own person."
"For Beatrice, when we first met, I was lonely, and you were pretty. Now I am pretty lonely."
"You are not the world, but you are everything that makes the world good. Without you, my life would still exist, but that's all it would manage to do."
"If our love is only a will to possess, it is not love."
"Love is on every side, and no one's side. Don't ask what Love can do for you."
"Even before you touched me, I belonged to you; all you had to do was look at me."
"I love him wholly and unconditionally and without reservation. I love him enough to sacrifice a friendship. I love him enough to accept my own happiness and use it, in turn, to make him happy back."
"What’s wrong is that every morning and every night, I lie in bed wondering why you’re not beside me."
"I don't look for love. Love looks for me."" ""Why?"" ""Because it needs me. Because I'm not afraid of it."
"Beyond life, beyond death, my love for thee is eternal."
She was his princess. No. She was his goddess. With her golden skin and golden hair. She was his light. His life. His everything. He loved her more than anything else in this world.
"It took me a long while to realize that Rhysand, whether he knew it or not, had effectively kept me from shattering completely."
I shouldn't have to be a liar to make someone love me. I shouldn't be so afraid of losing someone that I'll do anything to make them stay.
"And I got out of there without punching anyone, kicking anyone, or breaking down in tears. Some days the small victories are all you achieve."
I want your most vital organ. I want it to be mine.
life and love are very precious when both are in full bloom.
No human should mislead another by promising them something they know to be untrue.
"Three years? That's a thousand tomorrows, ma'am."
"I don't care,"" said Seth. ""I would have done it. I would have sold my soul for you. You and me...I told you. Something's always going to keep us near each other...even if we aren't together."
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
"…if a man can be properly said to love something, it must be clear that he feels affection for it as a whole, and does not love part of it to the exclusion of the rest."
"In the shadow my father has cast over my entire life, you are the only light I can see anymore. And, whatever the cost, I refuse to let that light be extinguished"
"You make me want to live, Rowan. He wondered if Elide Lochan had somehow made Lorcan want to do the same."
"Love can be a terrible curse, Eragon. It can make you overlook even the largest flaws in a person's behavior."
Love of God is pure when joy and suffering inspire an equal degree of gratitude.
But she needs me more than she needs him and I guess being needed is almost as good as being loved. Maybe better.
"Happy birthday, Alexander,"" Magnus murmured. ""Thanks for remembering,"" Alec whispered back."
It felt like there was a whole world living inside her. I didn't know anything about that world.
"You know, you’re topping from the bottom,” he murmurs against my lips. “What?” I don’t understand what he’s talking about. “Don’t worry. I’ll live with it,” he whispers, amused..."
"I'd sell my soul to have you. In my whole life, you'll always be what I wanted most."" ~ Hardy Cates"
"The only sea I saw Was the seesaw sea With you riding on it. Lie down, lie easy. Let me shipwreck in your thighs."
Sometimes I think my whole life has been about holding on to you.
"You see, there are some people that one loves, and others that perhaps one would rather be with."
How far have you walked for men who’ve never held your feet in their laps?
Marriage must fight constantly against a monster which devours everything: routine.
Kids chase the love that eludes them.
"If it's ka it'll come like a wind, and your plans will stand before it no more than a barn before a cyclone"
I cannot do all the good that the world needs. But the world needs all the good that I can do.
"Nico studied his face – his sea-green eyes, his grin, his ruffled black hair. Somehow Percy Jackson seemed like a regular guy now, not a mythical figure. Not someone to idolize or crush on."
"The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn’t work out the first time."
"Anatasia You Are My More My Love, My Life Christian"
Whether life is worth living depends on whether there is love in life.
"Sometimes, on our way through the world, we meet someone who touches our heart in a way others don't."
Every relationship is different. Everyone loves differently.
"Vane grabbed me. “DuLac, let’s chat.” Chat. British-speak for “Stand still while I yell at you."
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
"So many books, so little time."
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough."
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals."
Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead Walk beside me… just be my friend
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything."
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel."
"Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another ""What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . ."
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all."
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
"Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results."
"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid."
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring."
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life."
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars."
"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten."
"The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool."
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it."
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)."
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be."
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read."
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living."
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one."
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends."
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
"I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you."
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them."
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself."
"If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking."
Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.
Everything you can imagine is real.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
"Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea."
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are."
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
We read to know we're not alone.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?"
"Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You."
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.
"If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all."
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."
"It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all—in which case, you fail by default."
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales."
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
"Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away."
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for."
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are."
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain."
"I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book."
"So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be."
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us."
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving."
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you."
Not all those who wander are lost.
"It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be."
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.
"The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it."
Do one thing every day that scares you.
"I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman."
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
"You don’t have a soul, Doctor. You are a soul. You have a body, temporarily."
"One must always be careful of books,"" said Tessa, ""and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us."
Reality continues to ruin my life.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
"If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it."
"There is no pretending,"" Jace said with absolute clarity. ""I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then."
Who are you to judge the life I live? I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers... make sure you hands are clean!
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
"And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it."
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
"Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. ""Pooh!"" he whispered. ""Yes, Piglet?"" ""Nothing,"" said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. ""I just wanted to be sure of you."
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love."
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
"A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left."
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.
"I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love."
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
"Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it."
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be."
"And in that moment, I swear we were infinite."
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
"It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then."
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
What a slut time is. She screws everybody.
"I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to."
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
"You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children."
"I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else."
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
"We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another."
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back.
"There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate."
"[Dean] “My dear fellow, who will let you?” [Roark] “That’s not the point. The point is, who will stop me?"
"The truth."" Dumbledore sighed. ""It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution."
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Tis better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved at all.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.
"It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace."
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.
"Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them."
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
"What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain."
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
"Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world."
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
"A person's a person, no matter how small."
"I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity."
"Thomas Edison's last words were ""It's very beautiful over there"". I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful."
"Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you."
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
"I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be."
"Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers."
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will.
"Jesus!"" Luke exclaimed. ""Actually, it's just me,"" said Simon. ""Although I've been told the resemblance is startling."
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
"You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love."
"Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing."
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too."
"I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university."
Do you hate people?” “I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
"I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light."
A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.
With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later.
"The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off."
"A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading."
"So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane."
"Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like."
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources
"If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that."
"Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life."
"I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever."
"Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you."
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony."
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great."
"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you."
"Is this the part where you start tearing off strips of your shirt to bind my wounds?"" ""If you wanted me to rip my clothes off, you should have just asked."
"If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world."
"Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind."
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
"To the people who look at the stars and wish, Rhys."" Rhys clinked his glass against mine. “To the stars who listen— and the dreams that are answered."
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself."
"Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend."
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.
"We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving."
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
"And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it."
The world is not a wish-granting factory.
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.
"Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it."
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone — so far.
"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation."
"Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more."
It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
"If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there"
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
"So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you."
"All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring."
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!"
You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
"I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time."
"Death ends a life, not a relationship."
"This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid."
Never memorize something that you can look up.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
"The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us."
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears."
"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer."
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
"Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly."
What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person.
"Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live."
Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Peace begins with a smile..
"We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided."
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Libraries were full of ideas—perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons.
"If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are."
"I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool."
"You are, and always have been, my dream."
"Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival."
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
"Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?"" ""Yes."" ""You called her a liar?"" ""Yes."" ""You told her He Who Must Not Be Named is back?"" ""Yes."" ""Have a biscuit, Potter."
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
"We came to see Jace. Is he alright?"" ""I don't know,"" Magnus said. ""Does he normally just lie on the floor like that without moving?"
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world."
"In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them."
Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor.
"Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you."
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo.
"When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'."
"Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand."
"Whatever you are, be a good one."
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle."
"Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet."
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
"Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood."
"I could recognize him by touch alone, by smell; I would know him blind, by the way his breaths came and his feet struck the earth. I would know him in death, at the end of the world."
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
"If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself."
"We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect."
"I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right."
"And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye."
Where there is love there is life.
"You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love."
"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse."
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."
Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed."
"I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am."
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it."
"When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them."
"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?"
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
"Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?"" Harry interrupted again. ""So he can sneak up on people,"" said Ron. ""Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking..."
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.
First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
Destroying things is much easier than making them.
When someone shows you who they are believe them the first time.
It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
"Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear."
"We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will."
"Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?"
"These woods are lovely, dark and deep, But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep, And miles to go before I sleep."
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
"Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind."
"Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself."
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves."
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
"When I look at my room, I see a girl who loves books."
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
"Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world."
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.
"I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal."
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.
"Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not."
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future."
"Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth."
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.
"The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times."
"You're a prefect? Oh Ronnie! That's everyone in the family!"" ""What are Fred and I? Next door neighbors?"
"The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!"
"And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?"" His voice tightened. ""And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching."
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Never laugh at live dragons.
"When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes."
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
"Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly."
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create."
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
"Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way."
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.
"Here’s to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy."
"You could rattle the stars,"" she whispered. ""You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most."
"A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever"
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
"It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more."
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
"If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?"
"One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple."
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."
I am not young enough to know everything.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
"If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?"
"The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.."
How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful.
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win."
You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up.
"I might be in love with you."" He smiles a little. ""I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though."
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out.
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing."
"I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something."
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty."
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
"There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it."
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known."
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.
"That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste."
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife."
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Hearts are made to be broken.
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends."
"And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt."
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
"Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been."
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
"The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly."
"Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you."
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.
"For you, a thousand times over"
"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear."
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
"The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed."
"Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right."
"If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger."
"Once you learn to read, you will be forever free."
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
"Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful."
"Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing."
"Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid."
"Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world."
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
"I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it."
"You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him."
"The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back."
"We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing."
"This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man."
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently."
Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.
God created war so that Americans would learn geography.
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others."
She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad. And that’s important—you know
Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it."
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
"Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands."
I cannot live without books.
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.
"Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down."
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
"Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?' 'That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him."
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
what matters most is how well you walk through the fire
"People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict."
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
"Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them."
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.
"I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. (Popular misquote of ""You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them."")"
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth."
"Not everything is about you,"" Clary said furiously. ""Possibly,"" Jace said, ""but you do have to admit that the majority of things are."
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward."
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
"Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?"
"I am a man"" he told her, ""and men do not consume pink beverages. Get thee gone woman, and bring me something brown."
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
"What the hell is that?"" I laughed. ""It's my fox hat."" ""Your fox hat?"" ""Yeah, Pudge. My fox hat."" ""Why are you wearing your fox hat?"" I asked. ""Because no one can catch the motherfucking fox."
"We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead."
Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.
"Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine."
"He never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two."
"Is this the part where you say if I hurt her, you'll kill me?"" ""No"" Simon said, ""If you hurt Clary she's quite capable of killing you herself. Possibly with a variety of weapons."
"I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know."
"All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't."
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.
It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
"So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, Go throw your TV set away, And in its place you can install A lovely bookshelf on the wall. Then fill the shelves with lots of books."
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
"Not my daughter, you bitch!"
"Kiss me, and you will see how important I am."
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
"No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader."
"Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you."
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
Books may well be the only true magic.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen."
"When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth."
"Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened."
I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen.
"Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time."
"You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist."
"It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life."
"The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them."
"What happens when people open their hearts?"" ""They get better."
"You said you were going for a walk!? What kind of walk takes six hours?"" ""A long one?"
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
"Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope."
"You're still trying to protect me. Real or not real,"" he whispers. ""Real,"" I answer. ""Because that's what you and I do, protect each other."
"Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are."
"Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book."
"I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other."
"Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody."
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
"I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer."
"That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong."
"Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim."
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.
"It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime..."
You have to die a few times before you can really live.
"The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence."
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.
"Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal."
"But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands."
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
"Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator."
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful."
"Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy."
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.
"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were."
"I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability."
My ambition is handicapped by laziness
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."
If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
"It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to."
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man."
"Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin."
"If you are going through hell, keep going."
"Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life."
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known.
"I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love."
"As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot."
"I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room."
They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting.
"I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt."
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.
"But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?"
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself."
"That does it,"" said Jace. ""I'm going to get you a dictionary for Christmas this year."" ""Why?"" Isabelle said. ""So you can look up 'fun.' I'm not sure you know what it means."
"I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ."
"Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something."
The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter. ’tis the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
"Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth."
Angry people are not always wise.
"It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform."
"Resist much, obey little."
"When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch."
Being crazy isn't enough.
No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond.
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.
"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest."
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
I don't want to die without any scars.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
"I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing."
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
"And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone."
Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats.
"My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away."
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
"You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it."
"Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out."
"When he shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship to the garish sun."
"With freedom, flowers, books, and the moon, who could not be perfectly happy?"
"And, in the end The love you take is equal to the love you make."
"Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't."
"Wow,"" Thalia muttered. ""Apollo is hot."" ""He's the sun god,"" I said. ""That's not what I meant."
"I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person."
I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different.
I don't want to lose the boy with the bread.
"Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it."
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.
"I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me."
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.
"I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it."
To define is to limit.
"Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness."
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
"There are too many books I haven’t read, too many places I haven’t seen, too many memories I haven’t kept long enough."
"It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book."
"Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy."
"Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!"
"She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain."
"She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it)."
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
"In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you."
My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here.
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength."
"It's a metaphor, see: You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing."
"The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream."
I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.
"People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for."
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.
No medicine cures what happiness cannot.
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
"If you look for perfection, you'll never be content."
The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.
"Will looked horrified. ""What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?"
"Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it."
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up
"Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell."
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
"The town was paper, but the memories were not."
"I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better."
I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures. None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives.
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
"It kills me sometimes, how people die."
"Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own."
"You haven't got a letter on yours,"" George observed. ""I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge."
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
"Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment."
"The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living."
"Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry."
"I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass."
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city."
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place.
"Peter would probably throw a party if I stopped breathing.' 'Well,' he says, 'I would only go if there was cake."
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart
None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind."
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
I am haunted by humans.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
"Angry, and half in love with her, and tremendously sorry, I turned away."
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
"You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope...I have loved none but you."
You probably wouldn’t worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
"Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now."
War is what happens when language fails.
"The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward."
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.
"Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything."
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.
"What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul."
"Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born."
"Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast."
Let everything happen to you Beauty and terror Just keep going No feeling is final
"I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, ""This is what it is to be happy."
"Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular."
"Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades."
Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read.
"If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present."
Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you.
Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly – they’ll go through anything. You read and you’re pierced.
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world."
"No mourners. No funerals. Among them, it passed for 'good luck."
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day."
It's like everyone tells a story about themselves inside their own head. Always. All the time. That story makes you what you are. We build ourselves out of that story.
"Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth."
"It's all right to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it."
This moment will just be another story someday.
God has no religion.
"I may die young, but at least I'll die smart."
"Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky."
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
"I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?"" ""A regrettable choice of words,"" muttered Magnus."
Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.
"He must have known I'd want to leave you."" ""No, he must have known you would always want to come back."
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
"Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing."
No. I can survive well enough on my own— if given the proper reading material.
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.
Who said nights were for sleep?
We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.
"You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style..."
"In heaven, all the interesting people are missing."
"I will have you without armor, Kaz Brekker. Or I will not have you at all."
"Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home."
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
"Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes."
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
"Don't talk to me."" ""Why not?"" ""Because I want to fix that in my memory for ever. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret..."
"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them."
"If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!"
"Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being."
"Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure."
"It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like ""What about lunch?"
"When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye."
"Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy."
"Begin at the beginning,"" the King said, very gravely, ""and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person.
The silence depressed me. It wasn't the silence of silence. It was my own silence.
"If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember."
Life is for the living. Death is for the dead. Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.
It always shocked me when I realized that I wasn’t the only person in the world who thought and felt such strange and awful things.
"She'd laughed, and if he could have bottled the sound and gotten drunk on it every night, he would have. It terrified him."
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
"People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes."
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
"Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word."
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.
"Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you."
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
I wanted the whole world or nothing.
Some people have lives; some people have music.
"The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him."
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
"No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow."
"The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along."
Enjoy it. Because it's happening.
"We know what we are, but not what we may be."
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.
I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them."
"There are no facts, only interpretations."
"It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone."
I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between.
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
"I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them."
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
"A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light."
"Why are they all staring?"" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students. ""Don’t let it worry you,"" said Ron. ""It’s me. I’m extremely famous."
There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.
"If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music."
"A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness."
Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.
We live for books.
"Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful."
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
"I am coming to terms with the fact that loving someone requires a leap of faith, and that a soft landing is never guaranteed."
What are men to rocks and mountains?
"The Guide says there is an art to flying"", said Ford, ""or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
"Mom says it's because she has PMS. Do you even know what that means? ""I'm not a little kid anymore. It means pissed-at- men syndrome"
Live to the point of tears.
"Why is it,"" he said, one time, at the subway entrance, ""I feel I've known you so many years?"" ""Because I like you,"" she said, ""and I don't want anything from you."
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"" ""That depends a good deal on where you want to get to."" ""I don't much care where –"" ""Then it doesn't matter which way you go."
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
"I suspect the truth is that we are waiting, all of us, against insurmountable odds, for something extraordinary to happen to us."
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.
"Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them."
"Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly."
"I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass."
"If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all."
"but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short."
"People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters."
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.
"I care for myself. The more solitary, the more friendless, the more unsustained I am, the more I will respect myself."
"Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention."
You never fail until you stop trying.
"There are no happy endings. Endings are the saddest part, So just give me a happy middle And a very happy start."
Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind.
"Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength."
And the rest is rust and stardust.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
"How did you die?"" ""We er....drowned in a bathtub."" ""All three of you?"" ""It was a big bathtub."
"I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited."
"There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right."
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
"I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time."
"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it."
"If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf."
"Investigation?"" Isabelle laughed. ""Now we're detectives? Maybe we should all have code names."" ""Good idea,"" said Jace. ""I shall be Baron Hotschaft Von Hugenstein."
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story.
And that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does too.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
"I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?"
"My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude of drops?"
"There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it."
"You'll stay with me?' Until the very end,' said James."
"You smell good, too,” said Patch It’s called a shower.” I was staring straight ahead. When he didn’t answer, I turned sideways. “Soap. Shampoo. Hot water.” Naked. I know the drill."
"She wasn't bitter. She was sad, though. But it was a hopeful kind of sad. The kind of sad that just takes time."
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
"Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure."
I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.
"That’s part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence"
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
"There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind."
To the stars who listen—and the dreams that are answered.
"To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour."
But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.
"Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are."
Right now I’m having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think I’ve forgotten this before.
Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
"Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more."
And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.
"Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on."
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
"What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce."
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.
And so it goes...
"No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire."
"Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way."
"The more I see, the less I know for sure."
The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.
"If I cannot be better than them, I will become so much worse."
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style."
You’ve got about as much charm as a dead slug.
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.
"And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good."
"We all have our time machines, don't we. Those that take us back are memories...And those that carry us forward, are dreams."
"You know, one of the tragedies of real life is that there is no background music."
"There was nowhere to go but everywhere, so just keep on rolling under the stars."
"It was books that made me feel that perhaps I was not completely alone. They could be honest with me, and I with them."
"Francois Rabelais. He was a poet. And his last words were ""I go to seek a Great Perhaps."" That's why I'm going. So I don't have to wait until I die to start seeking a Great Perhaps."
Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?
Books. Cats. Life is Good.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.
"Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it."
"When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are."
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.
He's a wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.
"A good library will never be too neat, or too dusty, because somebody will always be in it, taking books off the shelves and staying up late reading them."
"Believe in Your Heart Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles."
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
"I am a cage, in search of a bird."
"No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories."
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
"Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?"
"The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity."
"It's not natural for women to fight."" ""It's not natural for someone to be as stupid as he is tall, and yet there you stand."
"You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be."
"After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world."
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
"If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?"
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Forever is composed of nows.
I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.
"All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages."
To burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves.
"Don't."" Clary raised a warning hand. ""I'm not really in the mood right now."" ""That's got to be the first time a girl's ever said that to me,"" Jace mused."
"Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page."
"Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice."
"If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company."
I dream my painting and I paint my dream.
"A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe."
"Life is to be enjoyed, not endured"
"Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough."
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
"You're off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, So... get on your way!"
"You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful."
"People who claim that they're evil are usually no worse than the rest of us... It's people who claim that they're good, or any way better than the rest of us, that you have to be wary of."
"People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed."
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.
there are worse things than being alone but it often takes decades to realize this and most often when you do it's too late and there's nothing worse than too late
"Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free."
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
"Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught."
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my lids and all is born again. (I think I made you up inside my head.)
"If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun."
"Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think."
"And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer."
"Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie. (Jace Wayland)"
I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.
"If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose"
"I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine."
"Ah,” said a voice from the doorway, “having your annual ‘everyone thinks Will is a lunatic’ meeting, are you? “It’s biannual,” said Jem. “And no, this is not that meeting."
"When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago."
"Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind."
"Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper, That we may record our emptiness."
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves."
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
"Maybe who we are isn't so much about what we do, but rather what we're capable of when we least expect it."
"No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future."
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.
"Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey."
"But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness. I want sin."
"Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return."
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
"One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words."
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
"Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth."
Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.
"The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart."
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."
"When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them."
"If you are allergic to a thing, it is best not to put that thing in your mouth, particularly if the thing is cats."
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.
"Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it."
"If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?"
"If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph: THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDED FOR THE EXISTENCE OF GOD WAS MUSIC"
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
"Holey? You have the the whole world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?"
"If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky."
"When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw."
"I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?"
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
"When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive."
"Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained."
"Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life."
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my eyes and all is born again.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Even death has a heart.
"When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy."
Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.
"You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?"
"I, myself, am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions."
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
"Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent."
Maybe ever’body in the whole damn world is scared of each other.
I can resist anything except temptation.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.
"The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly."
"Because you are beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence"
There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.
Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. Destroy your reputation. Be notorious.
"The thing about growing up with Fred and George,"" said Ginny thoughtfully, ""is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve."
"Maybe there's something you're afraid to say, or someone you're afraid to love, or somewhere you're afraid to go. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt because it matters."
"The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it."
"But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more."
"What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful."
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
"Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing."
"When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years."
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well."
"We all bear scars,... Mine just happen to be more visible than most."
"I do things like get in a taxi and say, ""The library, and step on it."
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
The first draft of anything is shit.
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music."
"It is true that those we meet can change us, sometimes so profoundly that we are not the same afterwards, even unto our names."
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
For last year's words belong to last year's language And next year's words await another voice.
You cannot pick and choose what parts of her to love.
"Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die."
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.
"What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well..."
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.
It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.
The world was hers for the reading.
"How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?"
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
"No, I'm just a very naughty boy. I do all sorts of bad things. I kick kittens. I make rude gestures at nuns."
All great and precious things are lonely.
"The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places."
Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.
"Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery."
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
"Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good."
"They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now"
"Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny."
I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.
Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
"Goodbye,"" said the fox. ""And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye."
Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
"Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape."
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
"We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love."
It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
There is not always a good guy. Nor is there always a bad one. Most people are somewhere in between.
The bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards.
"I never change, I simply become more myself."
"Today a reader, tomorrow a leader."
"You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace."
"A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing."
"Words are easy, like the wind; faithful friends are hard to find."
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.
"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air."
"Is standing by the window muttering about blood something he does all the time?"" asked Simon. ""No,"" Jace said. ""Sometimes he sits on the couch and does it."
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
"You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?"
"He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking."
"At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved."
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
"Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself."
You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.
I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.
"Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live."
"Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful."
"If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?"
"Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk."
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.
"Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live."
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.
"There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics."
"Someday, somewhere - anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life."
Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.
"Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?"
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
"Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation."
"Fall down again, Bella?' No, Emmett, I punched a werewolf in the face."
"Knock, And He'll open the door Vanish, And He'll make you shine like the sun Fall, And He'll raise you to the heavens Become nothing, And He'll turn you into everything."
"Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts."
"You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm."
"Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet."
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
"You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?"
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Growing apart doesn't change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I'm glad for that.
"When I discover who I am, I’ll be free."
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.
To say goodbye is to die a little.
I woke up thinking a very pleasant thought. There is lots left in the world to read.
"People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading."
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get"
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
"Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now."
"I nodded, looking at Rachel with respect. ""You hit the Lord of the Titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush."
"I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn."
"If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot."
Let us learn to show our friendship for a man when he is alive and not after he is dead.
What and how much had I lost by trying to do only what was expected of me instead of what I myself had wished to do?
"If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you."
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth."
"If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be."
"It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty."
"Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me."
"Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?"
You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.
"Though she be but little, she is fierce!"
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
"So it's you and a syringe against the Capitol? See, this is why no one lets you make the plans."
"Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic."
I am made of memories.
"You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read."
"you can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will."
Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
"Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats."
There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.
"If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin."
"Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak."
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.
Take pride in your pain; you are stronger than those who have none
What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.
"There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are."
"Never say 'no' to adventures. Always say 'yes,' otherwise you'll lead a very dull life."
"Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head!"
"All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his."
"Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable."
Every great love starts with a great story...
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
"The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me."
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.
"Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do."
"A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for."
So many things are possible just as long as you don't know they're impossible.
The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.
"Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself, (I am large, I contain multitudes.)"
It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality.
"If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud."
"Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life."
"If I got rid of my demons, I’d lose my angels."
"You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down."
"She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live."
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
Be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. Then life seems almost enchanted after all.
"Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?"
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.
"In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman."
"Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody."
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
I'm not young enough to know everything.
"Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder."
I realize now that dying is easy. Living is hard.
Don't feel bad for one moment about doing what brings you joy.
I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.
"Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect."
I realize only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
"When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time."
"All your life, you will be faced with a choice. You can choose love or hate…I choose love."
"If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn."
"Some lose all mind and become soul,insane. some lose all soul and become mind, intellectual. some lose both and become accepted"
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
"Time is Too Slow for those who Wait, Too Swift for those who Fear, Too Long for those who Grieve, Too Short for those who Rejoice; But for those who Love, Time is not."
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
"I've found that there is always some beauty left -- in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself; these can all help you."
"Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget."
"In life, unlike chess, the game continues after checkmate."
"If you don't like someone's story, write your own."
"That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it."
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
"Sometimes,' said Pooh, 'the smallest things take up the most room in your heart."
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.
"America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves."
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
"There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about."
"I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it."
It's a lot easier to be lost than found. It's the reason we're always searching and rarely discovered--so many locks not enough keys.
"The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which."
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
"She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars."
"Children must be taught how to think, not what to think."
"I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem."
"One can never have enough socks,"" said Dumbledore. ""Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books."
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
"I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of."
"Stay gold, Ponyboy. Stay gold . . .” The pillow seemed to sink a little, and Johnny died."
"Some people say, “Never let them see you cry.” I say, if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone."
All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.
There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
A book is really like a lover. It arranges itself in your life in a way that is beautiful.
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.
I've got nothing to do today but smile.
"Stuff your eyes with wonder, he said, live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories."
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.
"It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story."
"Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort."
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
"We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out."
A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
"Most of all, I hate you because I think of you. Often. It's disgusting, and I can't stop."
I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.
I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.
"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship."
"She was the heir of ash and fire, and she would bow to no one."
"There are so many fragile things, after all. People break so easily, and so do dreams and hearts."
"When everyone knows you’re a monster, you needn’t waste time doing every monstrous thing."
"I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay."
The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families.
"You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all."
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.
"You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles."
"I believe a strong woman may be stronger than a man, particularly if she happens to have love in her heart. I guess a loving woman is indestructible."
It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies.
"If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us."
Real loneliness is not necessarily limited to when you are alone.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
"Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice."
"Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold."
Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.
"There is a sacredness in tears....They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition and of unspeakable love."
People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.
You only get one life. It's actually your duty to live it as fully as possible.
"From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it."
Books are easily destroyed. But words will live as long as people can remember them.
"I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea."
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens"
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.
"A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that."
There are good days and hard days for me—even now. Don’t let the hard days win.
"And he took her in his arms and kissed her under the sunlit sky, and he cared not that they stood high upon the walls in the sight of many."
"let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences"
There is no such thing as bad people. We’re all just people who sometimes do bad things.
Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.
We both have war inside us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us.
I like good strong words that mean something…
You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.
Love the life you live. Live the life you love.
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
"I meant,"" said Ipslore bitterly, ""what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?"" Death thought about it. CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE."
"I've been homesick for countries I've never been, and longed to be where I couldn't be."
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.
"Our story has three parts: a beginning, a middle, and an end. And although this is the way all stories unfold, I still can't believe that ours didn't go on forever."
"You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful."
"Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there."
"Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get one that hits back."
"Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead."
I desire the things which will destroy me in the end.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
"Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone."
Make your own Bible. Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet.
Maybe there is a beast… maybe it's only us.
"When you spend so long trapped in darkness, Lucien, you find that the darkness begins to stare back."
"Cruelty does not make a person dishonest, the same way bravery does not make a person kind."
"The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love."
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?
Winter is coming.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed."
"Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see."
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
"And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep."
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
I cannot make you understand. I cannot make anyone understand what is happening inside me. I cannot even explain it to myself.
"I was wise enough never to grow up, while fooling people into believing I had."
"Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people."
People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
A good book is an event in my life.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
"The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper."
"People have forgotten this truth,"" the fox said. ""But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose."
I am constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.
"It's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems, and that in time, the grief . . . lessens. It may not go away completely, but after a while it's not so overwhelming."
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
"Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world."
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.
"Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying."
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
"What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make."
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
I knew the second I met you that there was something about you I needed. Turns out it wasn’t something about you at all. It was just you.
It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.
"He was going to live forever, or die in the attempt."
"I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam."
"If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself."
Never give up... No one knows what's going to happen next.
"Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it."
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
"The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it."
"In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded."
"My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, or else my heart concealing it will break."
"Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle."
"Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall."
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
If I'd observed all the rules I'd never have got anywhere.
"Your beliefs become your thoughts, Your thoughts become your words, Your words become your actions, Your actions become your habits, Your habits become your values, Your values become your destiny."
"Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave."
"My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there."
People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.
"If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too."
"Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted."
"No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it."
"DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH."
"Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light."
"I wish I were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free."
"If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more."
Compassion is the basis of morality.
"I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't."
"I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more."
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
My library is an archive of longings.
"When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object."
But he who dares not grasp the thorn Should never crave the rose.
"No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same."
"For whatever we lose (like a you or a me), It's always our self we find in the sea."
Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft were written by men.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
"My bounty is as boundless as the sea, My love as deep; the more I give to thee, The more I have, for both are infinite."
"There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one."
"silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation."
"Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel, stride down there and light the bloody thing yourself."
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.
"Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light; I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night."
"Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn."
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.
Love is the absence of judgment.
"I didn’t need you, you idiot. I picked you. And then you picked me back."
"You possess other people's...bodies."" He accepted that statement with a nod. ""Do you want to possess my body?"" ""I want to do a lot of things to your body, but that's not one of them."
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
"You're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of your life and realizing you hadn't lived it?"
Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.
"There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them."
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.
"When I had nothing to lose, I had everything. When I stopped being who I am, I found myself."
"In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule."
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about."
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.
Youth can not know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
"There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth."
Is there no way out of the mind?
"You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against."
"Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know."
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
Then I realize what it is. It's him. Something about him makes me feel like I am about to fall. Or turn to liquid. Or burst into flames.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
"I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end."
"Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts."
We didn't talk about anything heavy or light. We were just there together. And that was enough
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it."
"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts."
Life isn't finding shelter in the storm. It's about learning to dance in the rain.
"In a time of destruction, create something."
A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.
"A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires."
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear."
"Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all."
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience."
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.
I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last.
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
"Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness."
"We need, in love, to practice only this: letting each other go. For holding on comes easily; we do not need to learn it."
"Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing."
"Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't."
"How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive."
"Books are the carriers of civilization...They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print."
"Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days."
A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.
"My name is Celaena Sardothien. But it makes no difference if my name's Celaena or Lillian or Bitch, because I'd still beat you, no matter what you call me."
"A lot of you cared, just not enough."
"You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it."
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
"That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence."
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek."
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.
"If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to."
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
"If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it."
"Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it."
"When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way."
"Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free."
"Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go."
"Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door."
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
"Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness."
"Where there is love, there is often also hate. They can exist side by side."
"Books, she has found, are a way to live a thousand lives--or to find strength in a very long one."
"But it is the nature of stars to cross, and never was Shakespeare more wrong than when he has Cassius note, ‘The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars / But in ourselves."
God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.
"Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning..."
"I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?"
The truth is what I make it. I could set this world on fire and call it rain.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
"Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection."
"And thus the heart will break, yet brokenly live on."
"All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!"
"No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong."
"So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookshelf on the wall."
"The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind."
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a whimper.
"Without suffering, there'd be no compassion."
Beautiful face. Beautiful body. Horrible attitude. It was the holy trinity of hot boys.
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.
A word after a word after a word is power.
Politeness is deception in pretty packaging.
I am free and that is why I am lost.
"It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between."
"We were like gods at the dawning of the world, & our joy was so bright we could see nothing else but the other."
"If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so."
"Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, but only saps today of its strength."
Here is a lesson in creative writing. First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college.
"There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain."
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge."
"Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means..."
"They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite"
A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.
You can't stop the future You can't rewind the past The only way to learn the secret ...is to press play.
"It was a mistake,"" you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you."
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
"I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year."
"- ""Why don't you like to be touched?"" - ""Because I'm fifty shades of fucked-up, Anastasia"
"Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky."
"I'm a business man,"" he'd told her. ""No more, no less."" ""You're a thief, Kaz."" ""Isn't that what I just said?"
As it has been said: Love and a cough cannot be concealed. Even a small cough. Even a small love.
"If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads."
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
"No one can construct for you the bridge upon which precisely you must cross the stream of life, no one but you yourself alone."
"We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen."
"By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes."
"I want you always to remember me. Will you remember that I existed, and that I stood next to you here like this?"
"The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff."
"The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for."
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
"Honestly, if you were any slower, you’d be going backward."
"Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, ""It might have been."
"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me."
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Even in the Future the Story Begins with Once Upon a Time.
"It wouldn't be my move,"" Jace agreed. ""First the candy and flowers, then the apology letters, then the ravenous demon hordes. In that order."
Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
"If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut"
No one has ever become poor by giving.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
"If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito."
The helpful thought for which you look Is written somewhere in a book.
We take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Open your heart. Someone will come. Someone will come for you. But first you must open your heart.
Fear is a phoenix. You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return.
"Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart."
"When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen."
"the free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them."
Courage is found in unlikely places.
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
"From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!"
That's what careless words do. They make people love you a little less.
"Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met."
"Because you can't argue with all the fools in the world. It's easier to let them have their way, then trick them when they're not paying attention."
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
So many things become beautiful when you really look.
"If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden."
"And I guess I realized at that moment that I really did love her. Because there was nothing to gain, and that didn't matter."
Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you."
"I thought I'd lie on the floor and writhe in pain for a while,"" he grunted, ""It relaxes me."" ""It does? Oh - you're being sarcastic. That's a good sign probably."
"My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right."
"What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do."
"A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other."
She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn't boring.
those who escape hell however never talk about it and nothing much bothers them after that.
"I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past."
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.
But how could you live and have no story to tell?
My soul will find yours.
"And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is."
There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
"It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end."
"The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself."
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
"The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you."
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
"Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before! What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!"
"Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading."
"I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself."
May the odds be ever in your favor!
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
"She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape."
"Did you ever think that in a past life Alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn? Because I do,"
"Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell."
"Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities."
Let me give you a piece of advice. The handsome young fellow who's trying to rescue you from a hideous fate is never wrong. Not even if he says the sky is purple and made of hedgehogs.
"Ah, my daughter,ʺ he said. ʺEighteen, and already youʹve been accused of murder, aided felons, and acquired a death count higher than most guardians will ever see.ʺ He paused. ʺI couldnʹt be prouder."
A childhood without books – that would be no childhood. That would be like being shut out from the enchanted place where you can go and find the rarest kind of joy.
"The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image."
"Did you know that 'I told you so' has a brother,Jacob?"" she asked cutting me off. ""His name is 'Shut the hell up'."
"What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?"
Reading brings us unknown friends
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Tears are words that need to be written.
I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.
"Sometimes, when I have to do something I don't want to do, I pretend I'm a character from a book. It's easier to know what they would do."
"The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes."
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
"It's not gray,"" Clary felt compelled to point out. ""It's green."" ""If there was such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood,"" said Jace."
"What day is it?” asked Pooh. “It’s today,” squeaked Piglet. “My favorite day,” said Pooh."
"You are all the colors in one, at full brightness."
In order to rise From its own ashes A phoenix First Must Burn.
"There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance."
"If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen."
"I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain."
"Ah, music,"" he said, wiping his eyes. ""A magic beyond all we do here!"
"I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list."
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.
The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.
"I am always saying ""Glad to've met you"" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though."
There is no place like home.
"You're an idiot."" ""I've never claimed to be otherwise."
"Whatever you're meant to do, do it now. The conditions are always impossible."
Words were different when they lived inside of you.
"Once upon a time, an angel and a devil fell in love. It did not end well."
"...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?"
"It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it."
"There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired."
I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat.
so I wait for you like a lonely house till you will see me again and live in me. Till then my windows ache.
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what’s for lunch.
"Remain true to yourself, child. If you know your own heart, you will always have one friend who does not lie."
"The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes."
"The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!"
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it.
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.
"The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely."
"Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good."
"Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future."
You are not entitled to your opinion. You are entitled to your informed opinion. No one is entitled to be ignorant.
"Give her hell from us, Peeves."
It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life — music and cats.
"When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance."
"Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters."
"Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money."
I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.
"Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them."
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.
"It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known."
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
"As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world."
"Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more."
"May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out."
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
The finest of pleasures are always the unexpected ones.
You're a painter. You're a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces.
A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?
It is easy to love people in memory; the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.
"I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself"
"When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives."
"If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree."
"Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected."
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
Boring damned people. All over the earth. Propagating more boring damned people. What a horror show. The earth swarmed with them.
"It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill."
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
"Sometimes, I feel the past and the future pressing so hard on either side that there's no room for the present at all."
"I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened."
Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.
"When I was your age, television was called books."
It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.
"Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul."
There's things that happen in a person's life that are so scorched in the memory and burned into the heart that there's no forgetting them.
"We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams."
You can make anything by writing.
"You want to know about anybody? See what books they read, and how they've been read..."
"I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once."
"The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively."
A library is infinity under a roof.
"I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move."
"Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true."
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
"please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you."
"I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride."
"Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life."
"If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you."
Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
"My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude."
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.
"A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice."
Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.
"Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way."
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
"Make your mistakes, take your chances, look silly, but keep on going. Don’t freeze up."
"Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
"Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live."
To love another person is to see the face of God.
"If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one? Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone?"
"If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week."
"When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family."
"It is not the size of the dog in the fight that counts, but the fight in the dog that wins."
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself."
This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature.
"Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain."
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
"Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate."
"When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world."
Burdens are for shoulders strong enough to carry them.
If I’m honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
"When you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough."
"Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk."
"Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well."
"I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you."
"Remember if people talk behind your back, it only means you are two steps ahead."
"Those who have a 'why' to live, can bear with almost any 'how'."
"Atticus, he was real nice."" ""Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy."
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
"The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one."
"They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself."
"Ginny!"" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. ""Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?"
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear."
Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.
"You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help."
"Forgive me, for all the things I did but mostly for the ones that I did not."
Books have to be heavy because the whole world's inside them.
"I am only responsible for my own heart, you offered yours up for the smashing my darling. Only a fool would give out such a vital organ"
"I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me."
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.
Nothing great in the world was accomplished without passion.
It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
"When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves."
We are all someone's monster.
Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of a job: it's always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins.
My course is set for an uncharted sea.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
"The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone."
If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
"If the moon smiled, she would resemble you. You leave the same impression Of something beautiful, but annihilating."
"But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought."
"Ignite, my love. Ignite."
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
"When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies."
"Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot."
"The past is always tense, the future perfect."
"We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken."
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
"The purpose of a storyteller is not to tell you how to think, but to give you questions to think upon."
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.
It is never too late to be wise.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."
"Jace shook his blond head in exasperation. ""You had to make a crazy jail friend, didn't you? You couldn't just count ceiling tiles or tame a pet mouse like normal prisoners do?"
"What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows."
It must require bravery to be honest all the time.
"Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry."
You like someone who can't like you back because unrequited love can be survived in a way that once-requited love cannot.
"Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale."
People change and forget to tell each other.
"It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to."
I'd rather die on an adventure than live standing still.
"I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed."
"Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed."
"Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger."
"Where words leave off, music begins."
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less."
Curiouser and curiouser!
"Even the strongest and bravest must sometimes weep. It shows they have a great heart, one that can feel compassion for others."
Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.
Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.
"Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong."
"We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell."
Pity those who don't feel anything at all.
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
"I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in."
The earth laughs in flowers.
"Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them."
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless."
"I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early."
"If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh."
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
You do have a story inside you; it lies articulate and waiting to be written — behind your silence and your suffering.
Shut your eyes and see.
"To err is human, to forgive, divine."
In the end these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?
"But I love your feet only because they walked upon the earth and upon the wind and upon the waters, until they found me."
"If all the world hated you and believed you wicked, while your own conscience approved of you and absolved you from guilt, you would not be without friends."
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
"Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer."
"We shouldn't be looking for heroes, we should be looking for good ideas."
"Do not read as children do to enjoy themselves, or, as the ambitious do to educate themselves. No, read to live."
The only thing better than imagining Dimitri carrying me in his arms was imagining him shirtless while carrying me in his arms.
"People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough."
"They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!"
"Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before."
"I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off."
"Um...is that thing tame?"" Frank said. The horse whinnied angrily. ""I don't think so,"" Percy guessed. ""He just said, 'I will trample you to death, silly Chinese Canadian baby man'."
"I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?"
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see."
"We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?"
One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.
The voice of the sea speaks to the soul.
I'd rather die my way than live yours.
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning.
"If I am really a part of your dream, you'll come back one day."
Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day.
"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not."
"Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death."
And then I am going to rattle the stars.
"Headline?"" he asked. ""'Swing Set Needs Home,'"" I said. ""'Desperately Lonely Swing Set Needs Loving Home,'"" he said. ""'Lonely, Vaguely Pedophilic Swing Set Seeks the Butts of Children,'"" I said."
"For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you."
My rapier wit hides my inner pain.
"Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands."
"The trouble was, I had been inadequate all along, I simply hadn't thought about it."
"Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future."
"Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road."
"I write differently from what I speak, I speak differently from what I think, I think differently from the way I ought to think, and so it all proceeds into deepest darkness."
"I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them."
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.
Holding anger is a poison...It eats you from inside...We think that by hating someone we hurt them...But hatred is a curved blade...and the harm we do to others...we also do to ourselves.
"If everybody is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking."
"If you liked being a teenager, there's something really wrong with you."
"The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear"
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
"Always be a poet, even in prose."
I get a warm feeling among my books.
"Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear."
A small but noteworthy note. I've seen so many young men over the years who think they're running at other young men. They are not. They are running at me.
I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
"It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books."
"Did you really want to die?"" ""No one commits suicide because they want to die."" ""Then why do they do it?"" ""Because they want to stop the pain."
"Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high."
Some walks you have to take alone.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.
"Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you."
All happiness depends on courage and work.
You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.
Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.
"The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing."
I think; therefore I am.
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.
"Reality doesn't impress me. I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me, I escape, one way or another. No more walls."
Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.
The only lies for which we are truly punished are those we tell ourselves.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
"If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever."
Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.
Maybe some people are just meant to be in the same story.
"He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less."
"I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!"
"But I didn't understand then. That I could hurt somebody so badly she would never recover. That a person can, just by living, damage another human being beyond repair."
"You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget."
"I know of a cure for everything: salt water...in one way or the other. Sweat, or tears, or the salt sea."
"Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success."
"Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough."
"At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can."
"A love like that was a serious illness, an illness from which you never entirely recover."
"There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing."
"We learn from failure, not from success!"
Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.
"I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again."
Fire-breathing bitch-queen.
"This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard."
The future depends on what you do today.
"The things you used to own, now they own you."
Instructions for living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it.
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.
"You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write."
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
"Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you."
you have to love something before you can hate it.
The future is now. It's time to grow up and be strong. Tomorrow may well be too late.
"Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires."
Life before Death. Strength before Weakness. Journey before Destination.
"To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better."
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.
Man is the cruelest animal.
"...you know that a good, long session of weeping can often make you feel better, even if your circumstances have not changed one bit."
"Do you think that I count the days? There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk."
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.
"You’re dangerous,” he says. “Why?” “Because you make me believe in the impossible"
"Marriage can wait, education cannot."
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career.
Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.
"And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart."
"If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution."
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?
The only truth is music.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
"Alone. Yes, that's the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym."
"What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!"
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."
"You make me want to live, Rowan. Not survive; not exist. Live."
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
When will you learn that there isn't a word for everything?
"I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?"
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
I hope that one day you will have the experience of doing something you do not understand for someone you love.
A bit of trash now and then is good for the severest reader. It provides the necessary roughage in the literary diet.
"If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library."
The water hears and understands. The ice does not forgive.
"I was dead until you found me, though I breathed. I was sightless, though I could see. And then you came...and I was awakened."
"You're the first Shadowhunter I've ever met."" “That’s too bad,” said Jace, “since all the others you meet from now on will be a terrible letdown."
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Open a book this minute and start reading. Don’t move until you’ve reached page fifty. Until you’ve buried your thoughts in print. Cover yourself with words. Wash yourself away. Dissolve.
Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.
"Alec looked at her and shook his head. ""How do you manage never to get mud on your clothes?"" Isabelle shrugged philosophically. ""I'm pure at heart. It repels the dirt."
"Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws."
"there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone."
I hate men who are afraid of women's strength.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
"The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances."
The earth has its music for those who will listen
"I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be."
"You might want to lie down,"" Magnus advised. ""I find that it helps when the crushing sense of horrible realization sets in."
"Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!"
We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that receives it.
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
There are much worse games to play.
"I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing."
"When we are young, the words are scattered all around us. As they are assembled by experience, so also are we, sentence by sentence, until the story takes shape."
"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become."
You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.
"You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed."
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
She feels in italics and thinks in CAPITALS.
I write to give myself strength. I write to be the characters that I am not. I write to explore all the things I'm afraid of.
"People speak sometimes about the ""bestial"" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel."
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?
There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches.
"There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after."
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
"If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?"
"It isn't what we say or think that defines us, but what we do."
"Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living."
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.
"Watch out for intellect, because it knows so much it knows nothing and leaves you hanging upside down, mouthing knowledge as your heart falls out of your mouth."
"Come home and shout at me. Come home and fight with me. Come home and break my heart, if you must."
"The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely."
"When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?"
"I know it's wrong - God, it's all kinds of wrong - but I just want to lie down with you and wake up with you, just once, just once ever in my life."
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.
"When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears."
"You will lose what you value most, so treasure it while you can."
There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them. But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
Only you can control your future.
"I decided as long as I'm going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly."
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.
"I am a forest, and a night of dark trees: but he who is not afraid of my darkness, will find banks full of roses under my cypresses."
"When they asked me what I wanted to be I said I didn’t know. ""Oh, sure you know,"" the photographer said. ""She wants,"" said Jay Cee wittily, ""to be everything."
"When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion."
"When people say impossible, they usually mean improbable."
Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.
"It is better, I think, to grab at the stars than to sit flustered because you know you cannot reach them."
"To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life."
"If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way."
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
"I got schooled this year by a boy. A boy that I'm seriously, deeply, madly, incredibly, and undeniably in love with. And he taught me the most important thing of all... To put the emphasis On life ."
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
"Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in."
"I don't go out with strangers,"" I said. ""Good thing I do. I'll pick you up at five."
"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart"
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
The past is never where you think you left it.
Look at everything always as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time: Thus is your time on earth filled with glory.
A well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.
"The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction."
"It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen."
"The thing I realize is, that it's not what you take, it's what you leave."
All thinking men are atheists.
Well-read people are less likely to be evil.
The best way out is always through.
"If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day."
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
"Literature is a textually transmitted disease, normally contracted in childhood."
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.
"If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry."
"I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all."
"Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind."
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.
I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it.
"My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot."
It stops here. With me and you. It ends with us.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
"A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes."
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.
"Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are."
"The longer I live, the more I observe that carrying around anger is the most debilitating to the person who bears it."
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
"Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise."
Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.
"There's a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out but I'm too tough for him, I say, stay in there, I'm not going to let anybody see you."
I think there should be a rule that everyone in the world should get a standing ovation at least once in their lives.
"It is not the length of life, but the depth."
No good deed goes unpunished.
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.
"If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment."
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them."
Never let anyone make you feel ordinary.
District 12: Where you can starve to death in safety.
"If books could have more, give more, be more, show more, they would still need readers who bring to them sound and smell and light and all the rest that can’t be in books. The book needs you."
"I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like--like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go."
"In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves."
"What is straight? A line can be straight, or a street, but the human heart, oh, no, it's curved like a road through mountains."
"I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend."
"As long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking."
"God alert!"" Blackjack yelled. ""It's the wine dude! Mr. D sighed in exasperation. ""The next person, or horse, who calls me the 'wine dude' will end up in a bottle of Merlot!"
"For to know a man's library is, in some measure, to know his mind."
"Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities."
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
"Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting."
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
"Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand."
"One should always be drunk. That's all that matters...But with what? With wine, with poetry, or with virtue, as you chose. But get drunk."
"Well, she's not responding to my advances,"" he observed more brightly than he felt, ""so she must be dead."" ""Or she's a woman of good taste and sense."
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.
"I am broken and healing, but every piece of my heart belong to you."
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
"However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?"
The unfed mind devours itself.
"Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis."
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
"The role of a writer is not to say what we can all say, but what we are unable to say."
"I know how devastated you must be to miss me, but leave a message, and I'll try to ease your agony"
"Life is a mirror: if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting."
"Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free."
"Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got."
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.
"With enough courage, you can do without a reputation."
"...things get broken, and sometimes they get repaired, and in most cases, you realize that no matter what gets damaged, life rearranges itself to compensate for your loss, sometimes wonderfully."
"Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story."
"Talking to a drunk person was like talking to an extremely happy, severely brain-damaged three-year-old."
"To die, it's easy. But you have to struggle for life."
"So light a fire!"" Harry choked. ""Yes...of course...but there's no wood!"" ... ""HAVE YOU GONE MAD!"" Ron bellowed. ""ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT!"
Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.
Nobody gets everything in this life. You decide your priorities and you make your choices. I'd decided long ago that any cake I had would be eaten.
Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.
"But until a person can say deeply and honestly, ""I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday,"" that person cannot say, ""I choose otherwise."
I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
"The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved."
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity.
"I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception."
"A girl calls and asks, ""Does it hurt very much to die?"" ""Well, sweetheart,"" I tell her, ""yes, but it hurts a lot more to keep living."
That which you believe becomes your world.
"When you read a book, you hold another's mind in your hands."
"Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile."
A short story is a different thing altogether – a short story is like a quick kiss in the dark from a stranger.
"Have you tried talking to her?"" ""No. We've been punching her in the face repeatedly. What? You don't think that will work?"
"Lord, what fools these mortals be!"
I guess by now I should know enough about loss to realize that you never really stop missing someone-you just learn to live around the huge gaping hole of their absence.
"After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations."
Humor is reason gone mad.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
"Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them."
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
"How happy is the blameless vestal’s lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each pray’r accepted, and each wish resign’d"
True friends are always together in spirit.
"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced."
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up ’cause they’re looking for ideas.
She looked at nice young men as if she could smell their stupidity.
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.
"We do not remember days, we remember moments."
In the world I am Always a stranger I do not understand its language It does not understand my silence
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them."
Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war
"One could not count the moons that shimmer on her roofs, Or the thousand splendid suns that hide behind her walls."
"So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?"
I hope you find someone you can't live without.I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them.
"You never know what life is like, until you have lived it."
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
I feel like someone breathed new air into my lungs. I am not Abnegation. I am not Dauntless. I am Divergent.
The mind I love must have wild places.
I want everyone to meet you. You're my favorite person of all time.
"There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for."
"The Darkling slumped back in his chair. “Fine,” he said with a weary shrug. “Make me your villain."
"Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them."
"I'm always happy,"" Sasha said. ""Sometimes I just forget."
"What is a person, if not the marks they leave behind?"
Every weirdo in the world is on my wavelength.
When we are children we seldom think of the future. This innocence leaves us free to enjoy ourselves as few adults can. The day we fret about the future is the day we leave our childhood behind.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
"We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever."
"We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift."
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
"It's only those who do nothing that make no mistakes, I suppose."
Poetry is what happens when nothing else can.
We live as we dream--alone....
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
"The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience."
"What do you fear, lady?"" [Aragorn] asked. ""A cage,"" [Éowyn] said. ""To stay behind bars, until use and old age accept them, and all chance of doing great deeds is gone beyond recall or desire."
The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets through many a dark night.
"Learn the rules, break the rules, make up new rules, break the new rules."
"If you want to be happy, be."
"The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat."
"If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me?"
"When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better."
What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.
"Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway, that's brave."
I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.
"I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it."
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
"Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing."
Threats are the last resort of a man with no vocabulary.
The sad truth is the truth is sad.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
"We should meet in another life, we should meet in air, me and you."
"Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?"
"People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of."
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
"I don't want to be married just to be married. I can't think of anything lonelier than spending the rest of my life with someone I can't talk to, or worse, someone I can't be silent with."
I just want you to know that you’re very special… and the only reason I’m telling you is that I don’t know if anyone else ever has.
Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life--and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.
"I didn’t go to religion to make me happy. I always knew a bottle of Port would do that. If you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, I certainly don’t recommend Christianity."
"Whenever you think or you believe or you know, you're a lot of other people: but the moment you feel, you're nobody-but-yourself."
Some things are more precious because they don't last long.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.
"History does not always repeat itself. Sometimes it just yells, 'Can't you remember anything I told you?' and lets fly with a club."
"I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine."
You're something between a dream and a miracle.
Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood.
Listen up - there's no war that will end all wars.
"May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view."
"If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does."
"If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?"
"The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think."
"Please, my darling Inej, treasure of my heart, won’t you do me the honor of acquiring me a new hat?"
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
"I clench his hands to the point of pain. ""Stay with me."" His pupils contract to pinpoints, dialate again rapidly, and then return to something resembling normalcy. ""Always,"" he murmurs."
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
I like it when a flower or a little tuft of grass grows through a crack in the concrete. It's so fuckin' heroic.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
You have everything needed for the extravagant journey that is your life.
Life is like a prism. What you see depends on how you turn the glass.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
"Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television."
All humans make mistakes. What determines a person's character aren't the mistakes we make. It's how we take those mistakes and turn them into lessons rather than excuses.
I'm going to keep going until I succeed — or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years.
I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity
We are always the same age inside.
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open.
I don't suffer from my insanity -- I enjoy every minute of it.
"My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the heck she is."
"Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it."
"Years of love have been forgot, In the hatred of a minute."
Push yourself. Don't Settle. Just live well. Just LIVE.
Never attempt to teach a pig to sing; it wastes your time and annoys the pig.
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.
Nothing on earth can make up for the loss of one who has loved you.
"People, generally, suck."
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
"My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! Prodigious birth of love it is to me, That I must love a loathed enemy."
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
